Pets welcome and that was a bonus.",review,Mgrcyvw45-7JU5wCCT6-oQ,0,1,0
B60TXdNB8ziFyI2XH4Wlaw,2010-09-08,J2dF8Qp2SepmBB-Y1NrS3Q,5,Two other AC companies were going to charge me double for the same fix.  Accutemp has a new customer for life!  Highly recommend!,review,pcKja1DALwaeWy9G6VjvEQ,0,1,0
Mh04jeZN1kKfS_u3JU-I_w,2008-01-13,6SVB0ptxqyEQWwosoZu1WA,5,"If you are looking for TLC in very unique pet products and family style customer service, Posh Pet Boutique and spaW is where you need to go. They have retailed my collection of Decadent Digs there for going on 3 years, since the first day she opened her doors. I have seen her business blossom and become the destination and extra sunshine of the Troon Area. Her loving warmth (sort of Doris Day way) makes you feel like you are in her home and makes want you to come back often. She carries a huge collection of class act merchandise from cute clothes to a killer Kitty high-rise and offers excellent grooming. She is worth the trip.",review,hV225B_UgT368FKzOk2daw,2,2,0
2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg,2012-05-30,fGjOanMCzC4n6FnVhZ8iOg,4,"Well, we all  went to a going away party here at Casey Moore's Oyster House and the place was fairly nice lots of security around  but very limited parking (we parked a few blocks away and had to walk in) food was good but my onion soup was way to salty though and the dip sandwich was by far the worst item to order on the menu (just sliced meat and bread)  and I had order it.  My wife ordered the shrimp scampi and for some reason it came out with a heavy cream sauce, no complaints because it was good but it was not scampi.  Tuna was perfect I had a chance to taste it  and that cooked perfect and I did notice a co- worker leave the 1/2 of the fish and chips on there plate no a good sign.  Clam chowder was good as a few friends did say they enjoyed it.  Calamari was off the chain ""Perfect"".  The server was warm,  friendly and polite and had some great suggestions for dinner and was very patient and waited for us to have  few rounds before we ordered dinner.  The place is pretty big and it seems that if you would come and sit in a different place each time it would be like going to a different place.  Music was jamming something for everyone. Folks were friendly and the place was packed.   

Now, cleanliness it  seems like it could use a wipe down, moping an a power wash in a few spots but I guess after a few cold ones you don't see it anymore.  Will I go back?  Yes, I would, affordable food, good music and  folks all in a good mood I'm there.

4 stars due to they are still a littler ruff around the edges.

Peace :)",review,LoYy8ruCxPZZPF78_Bu2eQ,0,1,0
X6mWr96ibKdXQSA6mpH90g,2010-09-12,z9BrZS-fUHra7bt1OTbzyg,5,"""MMMM. THIS IS. A TASTY BURGER."" - Jules. Pulp Fiction.

I like this place, my siblings like this place, and it's the best thing I've got to remembering better times back home in California. 

It's a quick fix for people who want good burgers at a decent price. It always hits the spot when I'm feeling like a fatty. :)

Even considered biking all the way here from my house when my car was dead and going through the drive through. (Coz the cool kids did it back then... In CA anyway haha. And employees didn't care.)
I agree that drive thru is an atrociously long wait during the afternoon (after school). 
Peeps who work here seem pretty chill since I always ALWAYS, ask them for the hats and throw dozens and dozens of ketchup packets in with my to-go orders. Biiiiiiiiiiig plus!",review,j0CbgXhpwS8b7qKgZnPmWw,0,0,0
eGevCRobYnA_HSj60sEWvQ,2010-07-30,thPwnvZR8JSVTahoxhZ-hg,5,"Fresh.  Tasty.  Interesting.  Good ""People Watching.""

Love everything I have tried here.  The Happy Hour ""tapas"" are excellent.  My daughter could not get enough of the garlic chicken one.

The 3-bean plate is delish - kinda like ""meatless chili"" but you don't miss the meat.   

The fruit salad is massive and the fruit served with it is completely top-notch.

Wait staff is mostly cute college girls, which is hardly ever a completely bad thing.  Never had a problem with good, attentive service, which CAN be a problem sometimes.

I go eat there as often as is reasonable.  Highly Recommended.",review,iwZ_7QuZ1tzT6pIZmOlDQg,0,0,0
hxw-JWXKkYOSjZP0iZlj7g,2011-03-22,eIUqiesI0G5oUDPkbNjX0g,1,"I had one of the worst experiences of my vegetarian life here. I had been to Johnny Rocket's before and gotten the vegan option so I knew I would be ok going here. I was out with my meat eating sister and my pescatarian husband so I figured this place would be the best for all three of us to get what we want. 

We get in and I ordered a burger that wasn't the Streamliner (1st mistake), and just ordered it with the BOCA burger. The waitress takes our order, my husband also ordered his with a BOCA. 

About 20 minutes later the food comes out. The patty looks right. I was a little apprehensive and I should have gone with my gut feeling on not eating here this day, but I ignored it. It had been awhile since I had eaten a BOCA patty (over a year), so I THOUGHT it looked right. (2nd mistake)

I start eating it and about half way through it the bill hits our table. It was crowded in there so the waitress must have been trying to get us out of there. So I look at the bill and notice both my husband and my burgers say Turkey substitution. I immediately start to freak out. We call the waitress over and explain to her that we ordered BOCA, why does it say Turkey? She then tells us that it is BOCA it just says turkey. I say, no that doesn't sound right. So she goes to talk to her manager I guess because we never saw her again. The manager comes over to our table and apologizes profusely for what happened. I'm upset because how the hell do you confuse BOCA and Turkey? I mean, really. I know some people might think how did I not know the difference. And I thought that to myself as well, but the truth is it slipped by me even though it shouldn't have. And it hurts me every time I think about it. I will never come to this Johnny Rockets again, if any of them ever again because of this experience. 

All I can say is, if you are vegan or vegetarian, and you go to any of the Johnny Rockets, make sure that your waitress/waiter knows that a BOCA burger isn't meat. Stress that to them. Because obviously they aren't trained to know what the difference is.",review,2nXFEyQ06RfcdAXIPbxuwA,0,1,1
fK7ujDbjhRFEe2D7eIwK4w,2011-02-14,73kMvaRDICT8ekn5dMYKIA,2,"Happened to be at the mall around 6:30pm and decided to go to Z'Tejas for dinner. It was a 25 min wait. Looked across the way and saw lots of open tables at Kona Grill. That ought to have registered as a red flag but since I was starving I guess my mental acuity was off. The hostess sat us in the back of the restaurant with a clear view of the hallway leading to the restrooms. We commented to our hostess that we were awful close to the restrooms. She chirped, yeah. End of discussion. I ordered a grey goose on the rocks, you know, vodka and ice in a glass. What I got back wasn't grey goose and it was mixed with soda, but it was in a glass though. My wife ordered a rib eye sandwich, medium. What she got was still breathing. My Korean chicken was almost warm but I attribute most of that to the spices. It was good but not great. I will say that our server was terrific and the manager did come by to check on us. This used to be a good spot but seems to be going through a transition period to become mediocre. Too bad.",review,-nixD-_P51FMF1h9GXBtMQ,0,0,0
wCqLDgQKqt_4BTm884MKmQ,2008-07-19,c6h7sVmpMUmTTRtYans4Dg,4,"Being from out of town each time I visit Surprise Portofino is a must stop. The decor could use some sprucing up but over all it's neat and clean. The service is excellent. The staff is very attentive. Always willing to bring you another plate of wonderful bruschetta (and it's free!). 

If you go an a weekend in the evening you get to hear the sounds of Buddy Raymond. His tunes add to the ambiance. He is very entertaining. My family has actually become fans of Buddy and look forward to his oldies. We only visit Portofino on nights that he will be in attendance. 

I had the pleasure of visiting Portofino last weekend and can't wait till the next time!",review,6lJK2VDBJWY2JSLOf7JRiQ,1,1,0
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw,2011-05-09,Fuc_gBqciBUdi0lePpkqhQ,4,"Some hits and some misses.

Hits : bruschetta and salads

Misses: Pizzas other then the margherita (luckily though I got the scrumptious tomato and mozzarella pizza)

Great service and pretty good food.",review,eiA073MhHpCdwBq8u_luZA,0,1,0
CNvPqN9pa5aJRn-Npcqgdg,2009-08-12,SGP-9umjcLl-4YywUHseuA,4,"This place really hits the spot.  It's everything a hamburger place should be and nothing it shouldn't.  Their burgers are good-sized and delicious.  I attribute their scrumptiousness to the bread in the buns, but their meat is phenomenal as well; add some cheese and green chiles, and it's like a bunch of awesome ingredients decided to get together to take part in creating one of the best burgers in town with a little help from the grill.  The fries are effing good too.

The pitchers of beer are cheap and cold, and if you want to feed your inner hipster they also have bottles of PBR and cans of Schlitz.  Not a lot to feast the eyes on - the place has a real old-school ""bar"" feel - but the food compensates for what it may lack in elegance.",review,koCnQtL67F01I-P9DbUemA,1,3,2
qR83gr56v7IjWEyfxAkg7A,2011-05-19,bAdWLDMXdQThkdg4UPfxkQ,3,Great breakfast!  The rest of the menu however is average.,review,3MSa_fdxgsaY9yF9vqmeUg,0,0,0
mWTFbL-ilQiQ9iQwPnViQw,2012-05-17,x6xMiBNqF9Na0vFGz8KpFQ,4,"I heard about this little gem earlier in the week, and after looking at the menu online and reading some reviews from fellow yelpers, I decided I would try it out. The restaurant was very clean and I enjoyed the music playing, but I think it could use a little more color in the dining room. I was greeted upon entering and was asked if I had been here before. The waiter was very friendly and took the time to explain some of the dishes to me. I asked about the pof pof and he explained that they are like donuts, but better. I passed on them. I ordered the jerk steak over jolof rice, a meat patty, and plantains. First came out the meat patty. The pastry tasted like cornmeal to me, and not flakey like I had hoped. The filling was quite good and just enough spice without going overboard. The steak was very tender and flavorful, with a little bit of heat. For the price, you get your money's worth and I'll have enough left-overs for tomorrow's lunch. Before leaving, the waiter gave me a complimentary pof pof, and in my opinion, it was better than a donut.

I'll definitely be going there again.

John H",review,Z2PJ8bhclMLAxQLfgZvE8Q,0,1,0
EuNV8_SReV_3KeET2Ums6A,2012-02-05,hGbHPwuT2VMtiyyQr8zxHA,2,"I could remember Tokyo Expresses were everywhere in the valley.  I loved their food.  I was surprise to see them around and excited to eat the food again.  We entered the place and it smelled like bleach.  STRONG.  It is ok.  We move to the menu and ordering area.  Everyone picked out their meal.  Ordered and sat down.  We got our food pretty quickly.  I got the Katsu Chicken meal (side sui may and drink).  The sauce in the Katsu was kinda of bland.  I remember the sauce was savory.  The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made frozen kind.  I was hungry so I ate it.",review,_PzSNcfrCjeBxSLXRoMmgQ,3,4,3
un3KC2gyMrSG6yqjVRctXg,2013-01-04,C0kNEDhZzMpeg-mGJjL9RQ,5,"Quality sushi, fun ambiance, and the chefs there are a blast to talk with. Definitely worth a visit.",review,LKhkxFZDD7EWMuqf8FlP0A,0,0,0
bgipXs1CRQ8OBLXc4TBdjA,2010-01-11,hy5FtMQLmhS6sA58ZUkYEw,4,"I grew up at Word of Grace (now City of Grace). Way before the new buildings and it just the small little church. I love Pastor Gary. I would give him 5 stars. We moved but I had always considered this my home church. When we moved back to AZ I started again and was really disappointed with the young adults ministry and praise and worship. I left when I wasn't getting anything out of it and not much longer did they join with City Church. I think they are struggling but I have hope for them. Pastor Terry is the new head pastor and he has the Joel Osteen vibe, which isn't for me, but he is very nice. 

They are non- denominational and love their congregation enough to handle sins or situations other churches don't want to touch in fear of being labeled as 'haters' or what not. I hope that anyone who attends will understand their views do not come from hate. It makes me sad that the other reviewer had such a negative experience and I don't doubt that she wasn't treated with kindess as every church seems to have those rude people. I am not sure what she means by 'closed-minded' but I know there are people like that at every church. I hope others do not have that experience and I hope the church can work on that as a whole. people need to feel welcome and accepted as they are. 

They are also awesome with the community- homeless outreaches, drug addiction help, and so many things I cannot begin to list. If you ever want to help your community City of Grace would be a great place to get ideas of where/how you can help. 

 If pastor Terry isn't for you I would recommend Cornerstone Chandler(my home church) or Central Christian. They are not closed-minded but they also won't ignore sins that are major issues. IE divorce, porn, sex, sexuality, infedility, etc.  Good luck on finding your home church!!",review,hFtlFksrcLaWHGPNa6SmeA,5,7,0
FOQ2xb539Hh6Xftznwy1kg,2011-07-03,_QBSgyq0n_HHAa3UpwZfsQ,4,"Not too many video stores around.  I will probably be joining Netflix soon, but for now this place works as a video store.  They have movies Redbox doesn't have yet, in addition to older movies Redbox will never have.  The service has always been good here.  My girlfriend has the mail in deal so movies are mailed to her then you can take those and exchange them at this place for different movies.",review,0mqHhdKEdak_A1FBhFNXqA,0,0,0
FRT-kdKefurxLzcsW2JNhw,2012-01-27,zeO2TcvjkntjMYz2kLdg8Q,5,Best customer service you can find! I buy all of my reptiles and feeders from these guys!James the owner is awesome and very eager to answer any and all questions you have.he will even probe your snakes for free!Every animal i have bought from them has been in tip top shape!Their prices are great and the employees are awesome!I suggest them over any and all shops in the east valley including az reptile center and predators.Give em a shot you will be glad you did!,review,8fAC-siPU2THWDHF1wEdEA,0,0,0
o_w69y1M6pkKetd1w43i_w,2012-04-03,fggwkxVu8VmZ0DD9Urh-KQ,5,"Fantastic restaurant. Service was great. Food was excellent. Their happy hour from 3-7 is great. 3.00 entree's.  Everything from a 1/2 pound burger to margherita flat bread pizza is just 3.00.  

Amazing appetizer is the shrimp and eggplant in black peppercorn sauce.",review,bieJ0AblSMhhqpa5GriXpg,0,0,0
wH_kpDuTE6ChDAp5AlMfJA,2010-09-18,LOL_VN9Q5JH38WkJP7yYHQ,1,"Don't know where I should start. Grand opening was on September 17th, 2010. We went to try this new Dim Sum place at the Mekong Plaza as they heavily advertised in the chinese newspapers and were advertising 30% off.

When I got there, the biggest eyesore is that they tried to make their portion of the Food Court as a regular ""Chinese"" restaurant. So imagine the picture of chandeliers hanging in the middle of a food court in the mall. It just looks too tacky, I thought they should've went with a more fast food type Dim sum like they have in San Gabriel, California.

Upon checking in with the hostess, they don't even issue numbers, they only call you by name. So that was already pretty different from how usual chinese restaurant run things. Totally not efficient at all.

Once we finally got a seat, things got worse.

Our ""Har Gow""/Shrimp dumpling was raw! The skin was thick and clumpy, the shrimp was severely undercooked. We asked them to exchange for another one, and it was still raw. We also had to exchange the shrimp egg roll as it was also raw. Their excuse was that they were too busy and did not have time to fully cook the food. Ok.....so how are the other 100s of asian restaurants able to serve dim sum at a fast pace with fully cooked food? That was probably the lamest excuse.

The trademark ""beef internal organs"" that I always love to order was pathetic. They charged the large price for a tiny little bowl, there were only a few tendons and mostly filled with Daikon. 

The BBQ Pork bun, another staple of Dim sum, was not that great either. There was barely any char siu in the bun, and the exterior of the bun was not fully cooked.

I understand that it is their first operating weekend, but the idea of a nice chinese dimsum place at a food court just doesn't fly in my opinion. They even offer wedding banquets here too. 

I don't think I'll be returning here unless they really upgrade the quality of the food. The idea is definitely novel, but will be a hard sell.",review,e9HWnHUYlt9758oileaISw,0,2,1
EEC7t11ciQ6XUjkudRbYSg,2012-04-28,RFtI9BfEPyqmEFqsojVqyA,3,I like it better then Denny's so I stop on by to get some breakfast. It's okay not the best place in the world but if your having a hard time picking between after hours with Dennys and Waffle house I would pick waffle house for sure.,review,kdI1Jh6wN6WzeTM4-fapOw,0,0,0
_TekkyyFeX_8MBepPIxuTg,2012-06-10,oBrE7tr_OLmlIxz9Ryvnjg,5,If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you better than that. Go and buy a smoked pecan paleta.,review,_C8Cx6g2qowNt9RfhENrFQ,2,3,2
yeLq-452CkaKw1ynn0nRNw,2008-11-26,ie7fgIPhIvYP5O_Ln8Evyg,4,"A dark night in a city that knows how to keep its secrets. But on the 12th floor of the Acme building, one man is trying to find the answers to life's persistent questions: Guy Noir, Private Eye. (THEME) 

It was a night in November. November 23rd in fact. I remember the date because it was my birthday. The snow birds that had started to flock from their summer homes had long since retired for the evening and the godfearing people of Phoenix had closed shop. My two lovely companions and I were looking for a place to fill our bellies. Like moths to a flame we were attracted to a dim light coming from a dark parking lot. We exited the car.

""Are you going to Mama Mia's?""

A beautiful petite girl with the kind of body men write home about stepped out of the shadows. I was going wherever she took me.

We were led through the kind of kitchen you only see in mob movies. I wasn't going to ask what they put in the sausage.

We stepped in and figured out our toppings. Trying to figure out toppings for one pizza between three people you may as well be figuring out cold fusion with a box of toothpicks and some masking tape. But with the plethora of options I felt like I had a bag of bananas in a monkey whore house and we narrowed it to basil and fresh tomato.

The pizza was exactly what a tired and famished private eye like myself needed on a night like this.

Man working  register- ""Is that a wig?""

Jetta-"" Yeah its a wig.""

We left the pizza joint as happy as a twister in a trailer park.

Jetta- ""I am so getting a weave.""

 (THEME MUSIC)

 A dark night in the city that knows how to keep its secrets, but a light shines on the 12th floor of the Acme Building -- Guy Noir, Private Eye?. (THEME UP AND OUT)",review,6WrOT1dj6sigl_voiwQ7HA,13,6,16
HUU_y-nnIWWIpqMlB-8L2Q,2011-09-29,YPOe2_7ffDjZLBY_AQZxBA,2,"Not impressed, loud atmosphere, bland overpriced sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no clean tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More like the employees are just here to hang out with each other than work.",review,SwbKEXKORLUSaz4VjjHckw,1,3,0
qurW9PjV90saHESwsGAwdQ,2008-04-24,Sdtg4GXYv1fVbrFRi9A6CA,4,"Lovato's was the first place that I ever went to spend more than $12 dollars on a haircut. They are awesome. The place is family owned, and Art and his son Scott both had their turn at cutting my nappy hair and made it look spectacular! 

I have since opted for someplace closer but often miss conversing with Scott about working out with his Ultimate Fighting friends. He often had the bruises to prove it. 

Art would generally blow dry my hair making it slightly poofy and not unlike his own Frankie Avalon style, but once I got home and styled it on my own, the cut was perfect.

Mrs. Lovato, whose first name I really wish i could remember, always offered some ice cold lemonade while I waited and I always felt like an honored guest. 

Scotts kids can often be found sweeping the floors in the summer and they are about the cutest things you will ever see.

For guys that like a masculine place to get their haircut, but want time and attention given to their look at the same time, this place is perfect.

They do all that chicky stuff too including waxings but I can't say that I got experience from them on that end.",review,6WrOT1dj6sigl_voiwQ7HA,2,2,2
UdXn5e3o_biQoUNv0L-RYQ,2012-01-20,-PEGprOXaXIgPU1ur9XOAA,1,We ordered.  I had to return my chicken tenders.  Undr cooked and rubbery.  My wife ordered a hamburger and is now home throwing it up.  what a horrible experience.  We have been huge fans and now this?  I called and spoke with someone who barely has a grasp on our language and they said they would get right back to me.  Still waiting My wife is in bed looking so sick.  We will never return!!,review,YVaOouu_PCAhJ-GwDlrMBQ,0,1,0
xI0UZH734lJtm39DbLf-Bw,2012-02-04,7v9LusLvXnauqwLHMJD-ng,4,Only a Mexican food snob would undrmine such a great Traditional restaurant (and believe me we have plenty of those here in Arizona). This is old school Mexican food folks and it's about as good as it gets. The atmosphere is classic and I personally enjoyed it but it is not upscale  but then again Mexican food normally isn't. It's simple and that's what Arriba's is. If Arriba's were located in any Eastern state it would easily be the best in the entire state. The beans were great the salsa was delicious and the service was fast.,review,nGvxLe5jdJGbxTYt9XjScw,0,0,0
7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw,2012-05-26,pkZtuVqL3wzGM-aUv70TQg,1,"Hot Breakfast..........NOT, Again cold food when it supposed to be hot....people beware of this over price place and lack of care for the customer it seems that this is the way of doing business.

*** Again a nice place to visit but DO NOT EAT HERE.*** And DO NOT CARE!",review,duTeTiNX__zYcznMX5CgMw,1,4,0
YNHPzgdHVpAsvHcvCBQzow,2010-11-08,G6B4Ko9Abr77IdzOGthYDw,4,"I'm a horrible haircut customer. I never remember how I get my haircut and squared or rounded, I just don't keep track. I've been to all of the chains and was thinking that maybe I should finally find just one person to cut my hair for now on until I got a coupon. I really enjoyed my visit, I didn't get the MVP thing cause I wasn't expecting it and I didn't have time for it. They are all pretty knowledgeable and quick. Only once was I not fully happy with the cut, but it's hair it grows back. They are a bit more pricey but I always go with a coupon, I get them every month. I'm not the most talkative person so it gets kinda awkward when you sit there in silence so I love that you can just sit there and watch sportscenter.",review,Mex8qXT7nR89uTKX_qtgSA,0,0,0
AsX-6ECbV83zGJLUVMre9w,2012-12-17,3Bd56NVx5Kzt-VvqDSDjtg,4,"Food is great.  Best Thai in West Valley.  Always get takeout so not sure about the service, but takeout is always ready when they say it will be ready.  The atmosphere is quiet and cozy - about a dozen to fifteen tables or so.  Place always seems clean when I pick my food up and has the type of decor you'd expect to see in a Thai restaurant.  

I usually get red chicken or beef curry hot, and my wife gets green curry mild.  The food is excellent.  Their egg rolls aren't very greasy like most places.  Spring rolls are also made fresh to order with fresh veggies.  The only thing is, sometimes the spiciness of the curry will be spicier some days and not as spicy others.  Other than that, this place is great.",review,kdg9I9r4EVg06cmEaQcwbQ,0,0,0
0ieEqGInYunNBaBzg8j_WQ,2006-08-08,9_iaIEgmpJNYE_tBEvrsTw,4,"I almost wept when I saw they had opened a Slices at this end of town.   I don't know what makes this pizza so wonderful, but it's delicious.  Try the veggie or white pizza... I hear the potato bacon is good too.



The downside:

The place is usually wicked hot inside.  I dunno if they are trying to save a couple bucks and not run the A/C but those ovens make it warm!  Just grab your slices and go sit outside in the foodcourt area instead.",review,rPGZttaVjRoVi3GYbs62cg,1,2,2
53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ,2008-10-03,i8aP8MQiESrkl4yHApYRJQ,4,The food wasn't phenomenal but it was very good. The service was excellent. The decor was very cool. A good experience. Great selection of wines by the glass. Very pleasant experience.,review,aPQuGzqs4D8my3K0vXjb8Q,2,3,2
ttLtsY1S2Angj6hvEdzwDQ,2009-09-19,peXCfNb0h1DwWlr49XalUA,3,"Cliché Central. 

Style without substance can be summed up in their cheese plate: pineapple, melon, grapes, herbed chevre, Babybel minis (they even leave the wax on for ya) and cubes of pepper jack and colby jack served with sesame crackers.  I can't make this gold up.  

They serve a lot of ""martinis"" as the name implies, very few of which actually contains the ingredients for a proper martini.  But then again, now that I've described the cheese plate, this should come as no surprise.  

If you, dear reader, decide to open a bar, it's really quite simple.  Get everyone drunk, quickly, and hire bathroom attendants willing to squirt soap into your customers' hands.  Oh hell no, we're not in a recession.  The Ferrari up front was paid in cash, I'm quite sure.  And that woman over there? 100% real.  

Ok that degraded fairly quickly.  Like my evening.  

If you strip everything away and look at it for what it is, Blue Martini is stylish spot to get drunk in an attempt to forget reality.  If that's your thing, and want to feel better about your age, check it out.",review,dQO0tQISZyb9L4d5ASnXyQ,15,14,15
wH9WtaTlrRawH_IpK90RPg,2011-04-15,yk08_3Uobcmd-ZuIsHva-w,4,"So I came here in search for Phoenix's best Macaroni and Cheese. Yep, that's right, me and the inner kid in me are in search of the best Macaroni and Cheese. 

So, ordering was simple!

So, how was it? Pretty good! It was more cheddary than, say, Beckett's Table (which got me started on this dance).

The atmosphere was pretty cool there. However our wonderfully bubbly waitress probably came over way too much. Also, nobody coming over to refill our drinks (iced tea) could figure out that we had tea and not water. Oh well.

On a separate note, I've gone by this place around 2AM it looks like a madhouse. Could be a rather interesting time around 2AM!",review,y7sq26EXGz7XG7DSo8TOuQ,1,1,1
9CstkLhqS4fXT0VUgu60dA,2012-04-06,pVX13ENQyFwMjIFmpJXIoQ,5,"I absolutely LOVE Club SAR! I joined back in 2010 (I think...). At first, I just went there with my ex (who lived in So Cal and had been boxing) because I have always loved the sport of boxing and wanted to get into it myself (maybe even join the boxing team).  Sadly, I exceeded the age limit to join the boxing team, by a few years...  :-(
But, at least I could still learn and get fit.  :-)
We just walked up to the entrance and just took one quick look around and it seemed crowded and small so we were not impressed. So, we left.
I found out this used to be just a boxing gym before but eventually they added other classes and equipment for others to enjoy. 

Glad I went back later on my own and found out how affordable it was!
I checked and tried a few other Fitness centers and gyms nearby but, when I decided to actually try one of Club SAR's boxing classes, I was hooked! For a mere $3  (a day) drop-by fee, I was able to get one of the best workouts I ever had. I joined after I found out it only cost $75 for the whole YEAR which includes ALL the classes I can take (Boxing, boxing conditioning, Yoga, spin class, kickboxing, weight training, MMA... Yes! MMA too, which I personally love.  :-) ). Jonathan & Carlos are great and so is Tom. They're funny, friendly, and they actually remember you after only a few classes. 
The pricing has gone up this year but it is still by far, the BEST possible deal you can find anywhere in the Valley. 

Fees 
 
YEARLY Membership  Resident    Non-Resident 
Adult (18+ years)       $99                  $150 
Child (14-17 years)    $50                  $75 
Daily Drop-In Fee $3 Residents; $5 Non-Residents
 
If you are serious about getting fit, staying in shape and getting a good old-fashioned workout without all the ""posing"" and pretentiousness of other gyms which are more like ""meeting places"" and ""meat markets"" for the young Scottsdale wannabes, this gym is definitely for you!

Personally, I recommend the boxing classes because they will kick your butt, they are fun, get you fit and, in shape. :-)
They just got new heavy bags so there are 2 heavy bags, 1 hooks bag, several ""Bob bags"", 2- double-ended bags and 3 speed bags in the main workout areas. Plus, a bunch more standing weighted-base heavy bags in the other ""kickboxing/Yoga room. And, in case you didn't notice from the picture, a full-size boxing ring. 
Yes. I am totally endorsing this gym! 

P.S. This is a ""no frills"", serious gym. 
So, no whinnying and crying. Suck it up and do some push-ups!  ;-)

Call them for more details: 
(480) 312-2669",review,rmjrLW4KSLGGDkS6z5cbFw,1,4,0
BluXDgvhSEMmvyjTiegWoQ,2010-09-17,xqPbB0e_VSM9LJafV2EHYg,5,"I had an awesome experience here and highly recommend Dr. Dachs. He is here to be a good dentist, not just to get rich. His hygienist was a rock star: So nice and very gentle. I nearly fell asleep during the cleaning.

I found my way to this practice after a horrible experience at another dentist just half a mile away (see my review of Belmont Dentistry on Raintree). Dr. Dachs was just so helpful and reassuring while still maintaining a very high level of professionalism. I am very thankful that my ""second opinion"" quest led me to him. I now finally have a top-quality dentist in Scottsdale I can trust!

I definitely recommend selecting this practice. It may take a little time to get in, but it's worth it. They also work well with insurance.",review,z3r8mJ-otQYrwjlBI9KGyA,0,1,0
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw,2009-07-22,QER9RDbcyScD66nNqDLZxg,5,"Woohoo is right. My hubby and I have gone a few times for happy hour and always enjoyed ourselves. Last night was the best so far. We were enjoying a few Left Hands and ordered the Tuesday night pizza special. It was 2 for 1 basically so we each ordered our fave. Apparently the GM thought my pizza was too done so he brought out the "" burnt"" one and already had another one cooking. I actually like my pizza that way but hey, I could understand where he was coming from. The second pizza was beautiful, a work of art. My husband's pie was great, all he kept saying was how great the crust was. I wil definitely bring all my friends and clients here. Special service too!  thanks again to Dan the general manager and our delicious server Reina ( sorry there isn't a better word,is there?)            Linda and Ron",review,udzY22a6foBOcsU7_7nIPA,1,4,0
ZZevr02C4b_g9RwnezdvWw,2009-09-22,FjDjBFljL21IvyRhSGpPTQ,3,"I tasted my first Qdoba burrito last night. I went with the Queso Steak burrito. The burrito was hearty with lots of meat, rice and beans topped off with pico and some cheese and sour cream. My wife enjoyed her chicken burrito bowl with similar ingredients.

I've had many burritos from taquerias to the burrito chains. Qdoba falls somewhere in the middle. I would gladly take a Qdoba burrito over a Chipotle or Una Mas burrito any day based on my initial experience.

The staff was friendly and we were in and out for our take out order within 3-5 minutes.",review,9qCPmT6ovJjxL4tJB4ANCg,0,1,0
SgTjnyElc26gPUghVuCuSQ,2012-01-08,SlVJCPTpTjGTRfJywsKVYA,4,"I went here for dinner last night with a group and we had excellent service. The specialty drinks were yummy and were a deal! My favorite (out of two I had tried) was the ketel-one pineapple martini! My sister had a house salad, the dressing tasted homemade, and the croutons were nice and crunchy! I had the Positano Steak Sandwich which was great, my only complaint it was a little too salty, and the fries (and I love fries) were tasty! Other people had the lasagna and they loved it. My sister had the baby back ribs and loved them. If you're looking for a pub-like restaurant that has good prices, pretty tasty food (with a good variety of items on the menu), and excellent cocktails, Keegan's is your place!",review,FSpFbpXpW7R1UjZwQmIqWw,1,3,0
bgTB6MgdVQssXhkNJ7qIfw,2009-07-08,CMkjJvIAhiFVHOAv85LUvQ,5,"Roka Akor has a classy atmosphere, and a slightly formidable menu to pick from. Everything looks so good, and in a new environment, I want to try it all! But my date and I, after much deliberation, decided to ""go for broke"", as it were and if we couldn't finish, at least we had a good sample of the menu. 

 For an appetizer, we got the butterfish tataki and the burnt red tomato salad. These were yummy little tidbits that disappeared off the plate quickly. The butterfish was delicate, and the salad was great - the greens had all sorts of different flavors, and not that ""generic clump of lettuce"" flavor I hate.

 From the sushi menu, I was feeling adventurous and had never had raw red meat before, so I ordered the wagyu gunkan. My date saw the amount of green onions piled on top of this dish and oh-so-chivalrously gave me his piece. It's true that you needed a healthy appreciation of green onion to like these as served. The wagyu beef is ground nearly to a puree - which I wasn't expecting, and I thought the onion was a bit much.

 At for the skewers we ordered, my date liked his sweet potatoes the best, but I was partial to the crispy BBQ. These turned out to be two large ovoid and solid shapes of rice, run through with a skewer. Pure white sushi rice in the center, the outside was caramelized with what tasted like the sweet BBQ sauce that comes on eel sushi, which gave the whole thing a nice, crispy shell.

 At this point, I got to what I consider to be the crowning achievement of the meal: the yuzu marinated black cod. The cod, cooked on the robata grill in a leaf, was meltingly soft and delicately flavored. It was an effort to be share fairly. I believe my date said after our first taste of it, ""Just eat what you want and I'll finish ..."",  I looked up from my chopsticks, ""... you know what? Just cut me off half.""

 I wasn't sure that I could handle dessert after eating so much, but we finally decided it wouldn't be fair not to give the dessert menu a looking over, right? So we ordered the baked green tea custard, and it was a perfect pick after a gut-busting meal. Light and airy, it also had some carbonation to it that tickled my taste buds and made me giggle a lot as I was eating it. 

 Our sampler of shochu ranged from impressive to harsh, at least to my taste buds. In order starting with least harsh: pineapple, honeycomb, raspberry, and apple. I didn't like the last two, but the pineapple was, in my mind, a fairly dangerous thing to drink when you're not paying attention. Smooth.

 That's it for the food, and as for the service, it was swift and considerate; glasses were kept full, and empty plates whisked away. There was, however, one glaring exception that nearly overpowered the entire evening with its oddness. The waiter, who had up till this point been very nice and chatty, helpful about menu items, and generally a pretty cool guy, handed me his phone number and told us to call him any time we wanted to go partying. 

 What am I supposed to do with this? Are we going to call our waiter up and say ... well, what? It flummoxed me.",review,aEZarRBZY7qEMNKk5nePxA,1,2,2
t4pkeGscooStLjy-Js5Byw,2011-07-27,zNznH47zm3vc9qZGTlggbw,5,"I love this place. My gf and I go every time we visit her parents in north scottsdale. 

Pro's
quick and easy. good service. clean. good food. good management. not too expensive. they also post nutrition info on their menu (that alone is laudable). 

cons,

the salad dressing is quite sharp.",review,Sjq20F6TBdb1PD3SyM2sDg,0,0,0
bZivzFTkkjNtUBSuMhoCtg,2011-04-10,1SlDknKfyWbzmyBfcysd6g,4,"Go here frequently, and have never ran into any of the issues other's have yelped about...

Best rolls
Vegas
Damn good
Spicey cowboy/cowgirl

I like sashimi...but unless I'm someplace where it just came out of the water...I'm not eating it...so can't comment on that.

We usually go late in the afternoon and have always had good service and once we had a birthday party with 15 people on a busy night..

My Only complaint is the bathroom...it needs some work.....and I do not like hearing employees talking on their cell phone while sitting on the toilet.",review,4r4vhVSc3bYpRdKSAAivEA,0,1,0
fb9eLHJ4S--TyXsarJJo-g,2012-02-22,DP-5FdE3zulET-QD50V8NA,5,This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe. The food is great with many vegetarian options. The atmosphere is usually pretty quiet and the servers are all nice. Highly recommended,review,vqPpdUmFxd43rgm-j517Sg,0,0,0
DHk8is9rvfnATsW1AudWQg,2012-08-17,t6BAIdNnHlSZ13b7hhYZWA,5,"This place is everything a sports bar should be. Lots and lots of TV's...for one. I love being able to watch 4 different sports and play trivia all at the same time.

The drink specials are pretty decent. They're not a dollar or anything, but the big beers are cheap on happy hour.

The food is great! So far I've only tried the spinach dip, wings and their all-you-can-eat fish & chips. All of them were seriously delicious! These types of food are pretty standard in sports bars but I've definitely had my fair share of unfortunate food items from other places. These certainly surpassed my expectations.

And last but not least, their star of the show, Debbie. One of the best bartenders I've ever seen. She runs that bar like a champ, knows nearly every face that walks through that door, and pours great drinks. And by great, I mean a good stiff drink that's not so strong that you can't taste anything else in it.

We frequent this place quite often, and for good reason. Do yourself a favor and stop in!",review,3vDMNCeaiS6SgaheUZv8qA,1,3,1
hh2lP4_2N-tk_OxmaTf_qA,2011-09-24,J7EM48loaoPizMkm1_-CPg,4,"This is my second time @ J&G's. First time I hoenstly hated it. Second time WAYYY better!
My bf & I stayed @ the Phoenician for a little stay-cation a few weekends ago. We decided to give J&G's another shot. We are both happy we did! When we came in our table was not ready so they sat us at the bar. We got 2 drinks and snacked on yummy popcorn and nuts - SO good! I wanted to bring it to the table lol - don't worry I totally didn't!
We ordered a bottle of white wine and my bf ordered the Crispy Calamari ($12) to start. I was shocked when he said it was really tasty! He is so picky with his calamari, so already off to a good start! I ordered the Arugula and Boston Lettuce Mustard Vinaigrette salad ($10 i know I am such a cheap date) and he ordered the Pacific Halibut Summer Vegetable Vin Cilantro ($30). We also got a side of Roasted Mushrooms Herbs and Chilies ($9) and Steamed Broccoli ($9). Overall the meal was very good! All the flavors were amazing and so was the service. We will definitely return! :)",review,sBqEuMZAa6XXGNzfM4ogyA,0,0,0
ABrSt3fsirLrUYNVrD3fbQ,2010-08-20,KCsN1gBovcwqlCRrNfVbyA,4,"Another fox restaurant concept-- healthy and simple. I liked going here, the service was great but the portions were kinda small and most of the patrons were really ugly. I did have something pretty amazing there-- a marscapone creamed corn-- it was awesome!",review,jMGNNb-vpLcwFikrxIlTkQ,0,0,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2012-03-21,POr__YNDkjuYZEuuzfd53g,3,Nice place...Need more restaurants..! Pretty huge airport...so long walks..!,review,zxnoE5IjuWoI9mF1gwyg5w,0,0,0
rCh0P0uRkcjcChXqVeIUaw,2010-07-18,tqwUJAl5oQYg-lUbqItLXQ,5,"Sam, Sven, and all the vendors here make the market special.",review,jLBh-z3JrJkqJfn5VN9OJA,0,1,0
jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q,2009-06-08,LKn9bToyE1Cs-1Mp5JvIIA,5,"I am being generous with my review. I am biased since this place has been one of my favorite restaurants for years. I love it in Georgia and this place continues the tradition of rocking faces off - Italian style. 

I went to this locale for my birthday party with about 20 friends (unbelievable, I know). This place was more than accommodating. The waitress was fantastic, even though we were a pain in the butt come check time. I took her suggestions for our family style dinner and not one disappointed. I highly recommend the Rigatoni D and Chicken Prosciutto. Both were fantastic entrees. To top it off, we finished out with killer tiramisu. 

There is nothing bad I can say for this place. The atmosphere is what you would  expect from a large italian restaurant. I personally love that their waiting area is also the bar. That is just good thinking. It truly is a killer place that is perfectly nestled in north Scottsdale. I am in love...",review,GNVnN2A0FleRHO2oGFidvA,0,1,0
_mt0EQgGCG-qrLy51RnQag,2009-10-19,2Ouk1wfM0BtHik9tBdUo0w,3,"1. Good Customer Service
2. Clean Atmosphere
3. Good Margaritas
4. YUMMIE Carna Asada Burrito",review,_t_3Dl44GbyMo35IMtlT6Q,0,0,0
o2BeeJmpf_J9EmC8HQoHRA,2011-09-14,VvczNz2NhOE8YcPI3pRTIQ,4,"It's a cafe on a resort, so you figure you're about to drop major amounts of dough on average tasting food, right? Happily, here it's not *that* bad. 

I got to order 3 different things from here. The Java Chip blended coffee (possibly actually called a frappe) was.. good, but not $5 good. Starbucks offers better quality, and premade mix, for less. 

The second thing I ordered was a scoop of rose water gelato and a scoop of mango peach gelato during half price gelato. Much better. The gelato was smooth, rich, and very freshly flavored. 

Finally I had a feta cheese and spinach empanada. This was also very good, the feta being subtle and the empanada having ample amounts of spinach baked in a perfectly crusty bread.

Overall, good quality food, OK quality drink, decent value for your money.",review,V7pppn-r6tL_Yb2_msQQFw,0,1,0
EWnSPExh_T5zTv6oMJOC5g,2010-06-09,ktfhZv5fyxVO3UQIOiN2Ig,5,"I searched hi and lo and had only been able to make good on the very lo with regards to good Chinese food in the Valley.  I am VERY picky and I rate most Chinese food places based on the thickness of the membrane of their won-ton soup and the colour of their fried rice.  Having passed my non doughy and not yellow test ( yup people, some places give you frozen dumplings versus fresh and yellow ""Spanish Rice"" in a Chinese restaurant), I was able to look into the quality of their other food items.
When you can deliver Mei Fun Singapore style noodles perfectly seasoned with no greasy residue, I feel you deserve that illusive fifth star.  
Service was pleasant and there was a lot of foot traffic for take away items.  I also note that they offered iced Thai tea with cream.  My buddy got a plate of broccoli, tofu, and a wonderful  Kun Pao sauce.  Sorry, but I think he created it himself and they make everything to order just for food snobs such as we.

Hmmmm.  I am getting hungry. I think  I will go  there now.  Wonder if I should get their pepper steak.",review,2XCsVpAMsGUykrM-BBFEXA,0,1,0
yOqbQmXXUYmgeBbimTbv2Q,2011-02-25,f_ht9DtX7cfbgDoGLputhQ,4,"I can't speak to the selection, hours, owners, or resident cat. I can tell you that we noticed an 'honor system' as we walked by tonight with our Mojo. An honor system in this day and age?! Yes please! Friend and I both picked a $1 paperback, shoved our bills under the door, and walked away feeling like winners, a silent invisible transaction between fellow bibliophiles...absolutely lovely!",review,YwISM44nNmOSeXdsL-qZYw,1,0,0
oAxR0TJhPHMrN_hjQWBWMA,2007-01-26,ub93M2SwRWJkEwSNs8xdnw,3,"This is more of a pizza joint for people who have young kids. They have kid games and it gets pretty noisy in here. The pizza is not too bad . If I was craving pizza, this place would not be high on my list but, it was an 'interesting' experience nonetheless. I suppose If I had kids or I was a kid I would probably enjoy coming here.",review,kVYRVCTyN6kb-HqNOhWDDg,0,0,0
PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ,2010-04-26,ZBHnXCJn8l_GFfrE2ki7Jw,2,"They were absurdly busy. I had a bar's eye view of the care that goes into the $3.95 1/2 dozen oysters. I would not order them myself. Dinner felt rushed, I didn't feel like a very valued client, and the poor gentleman next to me waited at least 25-30min for his 1/2 dozen oysters (carelessly drained of their delicious fluids).

My dinner was good, but relied heavily on it's fat content to carry it's flavor. My cocktails were good, I would come back for those.

It took another 10min just to pay my tab after I had finished. My dishes were cleaned up by a bartender who looked like he just run a marathon, dripping with sweat. Not exactly how I like to finish my evening.

Thanks, but no thanks Pappadeaux.",review,zGLzpRlor83RVDcUjBCp1Q,0,1,0
DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA,2009-01-04,Ij8CuZ18Fue9yEnrnggQrA,5,"So, my friend and I went first to Yasu because we heard it was great. We were traveling on business and therefore using company plastic. So, we show up and the kid working the door says in a very ""Spicolli-like"" voice, ""uh.... our credit card machine is broken tonight""..... So we replied that we were on expense accounts and would there be any way they could manually run our credit cards... The guy replies, ""dude, you're outta luck""....

Funny, considering that I am a guy who eats out a lot and am not afraid to spend a lot of money in a place when the food and service is good... I wont be going back in there...

So we made our way to Hiro..... We were pissed and hungry after driving around and dealing with idiots all over town. Hiro was just what the doctor ordered. We sat down and were greeted and served drinks right away. We put our sushi order entirely in the hands of our chef who did not disappoint. He brought out order after order of fresh delicious sushi and sashimi... We had beer, sake and a great night.... When it was said and done, we spent about $250 for the two of us which was a lot but well worth it..... I'm sure you could go and have a great meal for much less, but we were going big and NOT PAYING!!!!!  Morale of the story is that Yasu's children working that night ran us out and straight to their competition where we will be spending money in the future... Go check out Hiro!",review,CtHJ8YRU8Rnn-vEGhgoupg,0,0,0
qb4PzVr19bXXLBf71dd5kQ,2012-08-03,vFVwBMVzLByC7PcqpdqVSA,3,"Totally sufficient for a few rounds of pool or darts while keeping an eye on the 67 tv screens they have mounted on the walls.

Just stick to the cheap pitchers of domestic beer. I ordered a rum and coke and it tasted like cleaning products. 

I would come back, but only if I didn't feel like driving all the way to Lucky Break in Tempe.",review,palND-kF1qpMLhkcgAnSxA,3,3,2
SYHatptm7gpcmYjW1d-o5A,2012-10-06,egNxMtjZNRrpC06LNCyOtw,2,"Yikes.  The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is because I think their Baja chicken burrito is super tasty &  their Mango Salsa.

Cons:
The place is dirty (dont take my word, read the other reviews)
The employees are always bullshitting until they rudely ask you what you want to order.
The employees never offer suggestions, which may be an English Language barrier.
The front door handle was broken my last time I went in here. Unreal.
The burritos are likley to squirt and get extremely messy on the last few bites....sick.  Dont eat in the car unless you have a blanket in your lap, gross. 

If Im craving a burrito, I will likely just go to the Chipotle across the street and wait in line for 15 mins VS this place....I think the only way Ill come back to this location is strait up steal their salsa and limes from their salsa bar.

This place would be better if they got friendlier harder working employees that actually cleaned the place up a bit.",review,gSBvJ5FqFeSKRJaPiamttw,0,1,0
ItMihRR-t810HgctGofF3g,2010-10-17,Hw-r-J4GbFT8UCos5ci_fQ,3,"Calling all Vegans, Gluten Free's, Vegetarians and those who enjoy eating healthy. Nourish is probably your Garden of Eden. Hidden within the Optima, Nourish is a health food fan's paradise. The environment is fresh and clean and so is the food. 

Upon walking inside, I noticed how calm and refreshing the restaurant was. Everyone had the same calm attitude and I could tell that this is a restaurant you visit to relax and still feel healthy when you leave. The menu is detailed but not overwhelming. The only overwhelming part was trying to decipher what each icon indicated and soon I learned that most of the food is gluten free, vegan, vegetarian or some other food lifestyle other than carnivore. But, for those not following an alternative food lifestyle, it's still incredibly tasty and makes me rethink my cuisine decisions! 

Nourish serves breakfast all day (bonus) as well as lunch. It's a great brunch spot. The eggs Benedict is spot on. I can't tell what sort of herb or tweak they add to the hollaindase sauce but it doesn't taste like your typical eggs benedict. Their breakfast sandwich is tasty as well but a little bit more on the dry (and healthy) side. Their ingredients are fresh as is their produce. If they push the cinnamon roll on you it's because it's like a cinnamon god's protege and worth every calorie consumed. Plus it's flowing with frosting. 

Nourish has a great patio for dining as well as spacious seating inside, but the patio is covered enough that even on a hot day it's comfortable to sit outside. 

So in summary, Nourish is a good choice if you're looking for a healthy meal that will fill you up. I will absolutely be back and I can't wait to try some of the lunch items that looks tasty. 

Note: Be sure to check the times before visiting Nourish. I was surprised to find out that they open at 11:00 on Saturdays but 9:00 on Sundays.",review,4ozupHULqGyO42s3zNUzOQ,4,6,2
NkGQRN6ahwQoFEAlHq8NHg,2012-11-20,vW559mVjxmGmpw3yUnjYBA,3,"I'll go easy because they just opened this location.

1)  The onion ring batter won't stay on the onion.  The onion was a bit raw too.  Try soaking the rings for 24 hours in buttermilk.  Then coat twice.  Season the flour with garlic and pepper.  Works for me!

2)  The happy hour menu is weak!.  Pretty much chips and snacks type stuff.  Nothing good like sliders etc.

3)  The kids mac & cheese is out of a box.  Really guys?  It takes two seconds to make mac  & cheese from scratch.  Go to allrecipes.com if you need help.

4)  The burger meat is good in flavor but the burger lacks seasoning.

5)  The menu is way too big.  A scaled down menu with better quality would be better.

6)  The nachos are nasty with that queso cheese.  People love traditional nachos.  Stack them high and layer them with cheddar.  all the toppings.  You are a sports bar.

7)  IMO.. drop all of the steaks etc from the menu.  You're a sports bar.  Leave that to Mastros and Flemings.  People want GOOD bar food in a sports bar.

Bottom line....  love the atmosphere, food is OK, beer was cold, price is a little high for what you get, menu is too big, quality of food is OK.  What would I do?  Interview a new fresh Chef to bring in some changes.  

Good luck.  I'll stop by again for a happy hour and give you another try.  Cheers.",review,MjLAe48XNfYlTeFYca5gMw,1,3,1
CSoURupWEyuyzkjMOExKPg,2012-02-02,ZQrEdO3YpwRI7UZcZ1AYSg,2,"Eh... pasta is way to salty.  Just just cause Mario B says cook your pasta in salt water, doesn't mean you have too and then dump salty sauce on top of it.  Tried to tell the manager but got blown off.  Just because you work for FRC doesn't mean you know what good food is.  Also, pizza greasy.",review,zJurvQwVqI5ripRGQaTIlA,0,0,0
RtwOc-n_RkiUuDGaNfCsNw,2012-01-05,11Cbpvk0QQvqWsQBRh_Gbg,4,Best cheese steaks since the last time i was in Philly. Highly recommended,review,Iqqy89mlRXExxeP8RZqCUA,0,0,0
AH2pJa2nfvxXkfFP1P-waw,2010-12-30,rygxpQDuH5mfxbPt8tTjmw,3,"I don't know if it tastes like Chicago or not but it's reasonably safe to say that the stuff is cooked to order and consistently greasy and overstuffed, so maybe it is like Chicago?

The atmosphere is cool I guess, but I'm a Bears fan so it's cool seeing the old memorabilia on the walls.",review,bPWCuFEaVL5F6dT3JgivLw,0,0,0
rQ4z0EStSZE4acgkne6Hmg,2012-03-12,OKh2j7gfxprNY_BcKSOp5w,5,Tuck Shop is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Phx. Everything is superb from the service to drinks to food to overall experience. Definitely go soon!,review,JTwQpwYexzuEkYY53XHdVQ,0,0,0
Vvh2Hd4SsZjEEfKLNKAEWw,2009-08-18,yibnwtn5mEDj1vauF3xJNg,5,"This subway is one of the cleanest, and most efficient subways I have EVER been to.  I've only been in the evenings, but I have to say every time I walk in, someone is always cleaning something.  Their employees are friendly and the food under the glass is fresh looking and appetizing and in their own bins.  Sometimes you can go to a subway and the prep area is a wreck. Thats what makes this Subway so great. Everything is in it's place, and orderly and makes you feel like they take pride in their work.  Absolutely I will go here again, and I can't say that about many Subways unfortunately.",review,QEy_xoEcmL0y6N8YLPUhCw,0,2,0
Z5v1F-tAV897ZmM32N0wfQ,2011-07-24,eaV_l-YPe80-nK_ZbOPHDw,5,Its not a standard restaurant as it is in the middle of a grocery store...but thats just what it is get over it!  The food however is fantastic!  I ordered the samosa chaat...A samosa covered in chick peas and other sauces and chatney.  A delicious Punjabi snack!  The portion was very generous and the price cheap.  I also recently ordered a dozen samosas to bring home and serve at a dinner party.  Very convenient and good service.  I will be a regular from now on!,review,0wbS1b2Fwurs_jjxbfJE4g,0,0,0
0EBR4wDqtkbMC-wghpctEg,2009-10-06,cAavQMNSeNdnLJXbMqynvQ,3,"Sam is da man.

I was very impressed with the fare here. I had a bowl with noodles and chicken on my first outing, and it was awesome. Another time I came I felt way hungry, so I ordered the SUMO bowl. Whoa. The bowl is a 32 oz bowl, I could have had it all chicken though. The beef is meh. I agree with another yelper that the eggrolls are subpar. They are grilled I guess? I dunno, lame. At another location they had these ""carnival"" cookies that were awesome. Another variety of cookies were the butterscotch. OMG. Amazin. So yes... Sam is da man.",review,gEA9RJY4oSGk3P29_rGAsw,2,1,1
qd1ajiZRCwqEQJqCgoN1wg,2010-02-23,UxKjwoObUfvLUoNoRwcKrA,5,"As one of my fave restaurant's in Scottsdale, the Herb Box is the perfect place for a great patio and lunch. At dinner the atmosphere is subtly romantic with string lights illuminating the patio. Other than the ambiance, the food is some of the best fresh local food I've tasted. A personal favorite is the Free Range Chicken with Goat Cheese... Can you say tasty? My mouth waters just thinking about it. Walking in, the crew at the Herb Box is some of the friendliest you'll ever meet (and the funniest). When you go, make sure to save room for dessert... the cheesecake of the moment is always a win!",review,K2t_85TGaA5gPjsG58FTHg,1,2,0
m9i6aX4nmuTwqO5PjeLNZg,2011-08-24,rP1zhsbjbCjY_2tLEW85Ng,5,I was referred to Jones Family Dentistry for an emergency procedure. I cannot express how incredible the staff and doctors were. I appreciate all the time and help they gave me. The follow up phone call really showed how caring they are. AMAZING Dentists!!! My family has a new dentist. Thank you!!!,review,Tz6y8QJ-OHEeG7n4aEYcLw,0,0,0
7wCysP5dwB0KdoPeHH2i2g,2012-01-11,mZHPFBjcBq5TQgp2Rzvckw,2,Store is never stocked. Always out of stock on items. The Walmart on Bell Road is much better. Always has what I need - all the time.,review,bORzRtWe59DOG9Q8oiGSgA,0,0,0
hZRLGfRrZTo9up2P-0aAHg,2010-07-22,vOzUziyuZz8psJCYNau-Bw,2,"I got 3 strikes at Verde, hence...I'm out! Strike 1: Not very vegetarian friendly. Strike 2: They have all the necessary items to make nachos, but when asked if they would make me nachos I got a very quick and blunt ""NO"". Strike 3: When forced to order a meat dish and request they not include the meat (the most EXPENSIVE ingredient) not only did they make no attempt to substitute the meat with maybe beans, or guac, or extra cheese, they still charged full price! I don't want to eat meat and I sure don't want to pay for it. 

And as far as the food, well, they got that part right, for a place that serves fine fast food, when you ask me how my meal was, my response would be ""Fine"".",review,BfetZm9fa0zqyAFn8vo_6w,2,6,1
IWwt0vm8lYbVoyGSPd2Z9A,2012-05-07,fSrHsZ4bmp2BjlksrpWWog,5,"Being from San Antonio I missed Rudy's so much! This Arizona location is similar, but different. The BBQ is definitely a winner, but their now commercialized packaged BBQ sauce is horrible! Bring back the other stuff in the Styrofoam containers! I will still keep coming for the brisket when I'm in the area!!!!!",review,Rt0-P8j-JtfAeaZAGYa8ig,1,1,0
yOYFhiTjT-SM4spKtDk92w,2009-02-08,AMbOLJwByQ7st4EOO1Wfmg,3,"Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.

I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.

I would definitely go back here again.",review,Ps1Db9zOatoF_76FZNO5CQ,4,6,4
iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug,2011-07-06,Ghbad4hgTEolB6zZJNmCAg,2,"Been to this place only once.  Coming from Chicago the experience at this place was ok, but I've had much better.  Would not go again since I think there are better places out here.",review,9bP3urjM__IP5csFh9ZsuQ,0,0,0
AaKlegu7gmOCD4rEESF76Q,2010-05-03,-XBrsGGSP1wTZrhX_krckQ,4,"So last Monday the hubs and I got invited out to join some friends for $3 burgers at Maizies ($4 if you add cheese)

For 4 burgers (All with cheese on them) and 4 beers our total bill was only $30!!!!!!!! That is a smoking deal if I ever did see one! 

Our burgers came out fast and hot. They serve them on chibata bread! They give you a little side of chipotle mayo that is delicious, but not enough to cover a burger.


Our waiter was super fast and friendly! We will for sure be going back",review,6ts41fCsDKHbFZaKOMNmVQ,1,2,0
cT_rocMh92B9t62Disp6gA,2010-11-28,uCw_dEKiJ_CCZs8oUc4Q8A,3,"Wanted Thai food near Chandler tonight but realized few are open on Sundays. Here's how the morning's research played out:

1. Great reviews for Thai Rama on Yelp but no hours of operation. Strike one.
2. Look for hours on restaurant's web site. Strike two. 
3. Call restaurant. No voicemail greeting after 34 rings. Strike three looking.
4. Discover Facebook page, which despite having just 85 fans does include hours of operation, as well as some nice feedback from patrons.
5. Will try Thai Rama tonight with unfairly high expectations. Hope the food is worth all the effort it took to get the most basic information.",review,LP8JFPcEtA0ti8g_BRBX4w,0,0,0
oGYPsU7IJPhyVpd0F5lfTg,2009-06-07,BmaFuZpxPs9Eg-F4ju-l4g,5,"Sunridge Canyon has been one of my very favorite courses since I first played it 6+ years ago. I have to admit I did work here for a two-year span several years ago, but it was one of my favorites before, during, and since then.

It's not as hyped as Grayhawk, Troon, and some other courses but it's just as great of a layout, if not better than some of the more popular high-end courses in the valley (definitely better than the overrated Grayhawk). The course has the rare distinction of being very playable yet very challenging at the same time. You'll be toast if you don't hit it fairly straight on most holes, but you won't be punished for hitting it where you intended like some of the blind-shot-heavy courses (i.e. We-Ko-Pa) here in the valley. I've shot in the 70s one day and in the 90s the next out there.

Besides the superb and scenic layout, I also like the simplicity of the overall complex. It's not at a big resort, there aren't multiple courses, and there is no grand clubhouse (not that all those things are always bad). It's just the 18 holes, pro shop, and a restaurant that serves up some pretty solid food. The staff is friendly and helpful, too. It's like a neighborhood course albeit a high-end one. 

They have some great summer rates for locals this summer: Any day, any time for only $35. I recommend all valley golfers to enjoy that rate while it lasts. I played yesterday and the course was in good shape tee-to-green, and outstanding shape on the greens. It's been awhile since I've seen greens roll this well on a $35 course here in town.

One last, but important, note: It gets WINDY out here. As in, it gets windy every day. The course plays through a canyon and the winds are swirling all the time. An early morning tee time is best since it gives you your best chance to take on the uphill back-nine without the wind gusting in your face.",review,XbzB2i2fjggHsPXtQcOJUA,0,2,0
KCKq8rwYSaVFHP8w694TAQ,2011-01-07,jg_HqwaKLvacmjI8L41MLA,4,"This Ace Hardware is another gem for the locationally challenged Desert Ridge residents of which I am a part of.

The staff is helpful, they've always had what I needed and it's located in a plaza with several good restaurants, a gas station, Starbucks and a Safeway. 

It's so much better than running The Home Depot for an item you need, but will never be able to find on your own. That's the great thing about Ace, you can always get help when you need it.",review,Sa64rQmghfE9i17_dRIDyw,0,2,0
OFBJtqWGSx6n6CchtVmoRw,2010-10-11,coExktpilQIUCVAdjUfPhg,3,"I visited on high reviews.  I think it's a little over-rated, but good none the less.  My burger was a bit overcooked, food was overpriced but the service was top notch.  Great service, exciting atmosphere (although a bit cramped).  I would go again with hopes of a better burger.",review,ia-Bk0oHTcutM7_Kq6Jrlw,0,0,0
-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ,2010-05-23,4gwyUW9HiZOIc3QWAyukTg,5,"Inside the Clarendon Hotel in central Phoenix, Gallo Blanco has quickly made a hit for themselves with hipsters and urban dwellers alike. They offer a refreshing alternative for hotel restaurants, with lively ambiance and great food and drink.

Gallo Blanco's tacos are surefire hits. They're served individually, and come lined up in an appealing silver taco stand. We've ordered the carne asada and shrimp soft tacos, and, wow, they're really mouthwatering. The shrimp is flame grilled and seared, bringing out a nice full flavor. The guacamole is slightly sweet and chunky, and paired with outstanding tortilla chips, this is a must-order appetizer. Even the sauces (I prefer the red chipotle one) are addictive, either to accompany the supreme tacos, or to be enjoyed alone on chips.

This restaurant is a fine addition to the emerging downtown Phoenix foodie scene, and with prices extremely reasonable, you get a lot. A good sized meal for two (sans drinks) could ring up at $30-35, which is a good value for great food. Try Gallo Blanco, bring friends, and get a bunch of items. Although I haven't explored the rest of the menu, I sense that Gallo Blanco's items don't stray far from excellence.",review,eJGh4UF0zHIPPLZG1NkpgA,2,3,0
K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw,2011-08-13,ClGtiTpDEscUGdgKYwmf_Q,4,"Definitely going to make this a normal visit instead of waiting 3 years to try it.  Kool Aid in a Mason Jar was all I needed to see to know this was not going to be a typical dining experience and something to remember.  Food was amazing, the staff was friendly and the prices for the portions were more than fair.  Only the off beat location prevents me from making this a 5 star review.",review,s0G9Z_P8gTSQF6uKgcOZ0w,0,0,0
MmS6Bt9RBCUDHdw58i8cjA,2011-03-08,EsT5tyL6beb-lT0OLmWyog,5,"I love pueblo pediatric also!  And, also surprised there aren't any reviews!
There staff is always friendly and helpful. Rooms are always clean.
 I take my baby to Dr. Salek. He always answers all of our questions and never makes us feel ""stupid"" for asking. He also takes his time and even asks us how we are doing. Most physicians these days are in and out of the room before you can even feel like your questions are answered, but Dr. Salek really takes his time. 
I went in during a very busy day...flu season actually.  My baby had a fever and I called the office to fit me in. They did surprisingly and I saw Dr. Salek. He examined my baby and reassured me his fever is fighting off infection and not to worry.  Well as any mom, I was worried and continued with my questions...I was there for 30 min with him and not once did he make me feel rushed. I even thanked him for squeezing us in and he replied ""we would rather stay later to see all our sick patients than to send you to urgent care because we are overbooked"". 
Now that's what I call service...if only MY doctor would fit me in and not send me to urgent care!
I haven't seen the other physicians but am sure they are just as good! Also, they are a private practice from what I know so each physician owns part of the practice...meaning they take pride in what they do!",review,ZXTIFYJPsqBDeBaoGKJc_Q,0,1,0
k3VlKirVjVK6t6cDFvCOpw,2011-04-10,_JrBMUKMGk7iaz3Ji4AuOw,3,"It was maybe two months after this place opened that I decided to give it a try.  I didn't go to the restaurant, opting instead to use their delivery.  I placed a large order for two (~$80) and the food was ready and delivered withing 30-45 minutes.  The food was of decent restaurant quality and definitely a good place to get steaks, but it was no where near the quality you would get from Texas Roadhouse or Outback and neither is the price.  I'd definitely recommend trying them if you are looking for a cheat, good steak fix.",review,LycBOkA2piDMQTdpkY5YoQ,0,0,0
A-ZhvQa5A-XSqZB3HH6TVw,2009-01-02,QzNwiSvEqQwWsitGmiGXOw,4,"I'd always heard tales of the fabled Sonic Drive-In, but it was like a whisper in the wind or a thief in the night...I never truly believed. Legends with tantalizing visions of juicy burgers, golden fries, creamy milk shakes, and flavored sodas came across state lines into Los Angeles, but how could such wonders be true? 

What began as an ordinary day would end in a night forever seared into the archives of my mind. As we were blindly driving through the dimly lit streets of Phoenix, an illuminated sign appeared to us, as if an answer to a prayer. Sonic came to us all at once in a haze. We ordered burgers, fries, onion rings, popcorn chicken, a corn dog, chili tots, and shakes upon shakes! Oh, the bargains! We laughed! We danced! We wept! The next morning, all I had was the echo of a stomach ache as proof of the marvels of the night before.

Maybe, just maybe, if I clap my hands enough and really believe, one will suddenly appear in the South Bay. One can only dare to dream.",review,feDtiv33q5Td6HvmiKDYoQ,3,3,4
tI600wWPFDc4bxEvrbBpRQ,2007-08-05,AjntZYa-1nlKOLkxCSKOSw,4,"Decent wash, generally pretty quick. Used to be Octopus Car Wash. Has lube and detail center, although I have never used that service. 

One of the better wash places- way better than Danny's for sure..",review,D9aj6AjCyLp-zp8fozL8aQ,1,1,0
VKNl2-aF4n1x7lPVyU-Mag,2011-03-05,cQnjSrJ5jLhkEIt9xgC2Vw,4,"This restaurant is close to my office, so we go for lunch at least once a month.  I love that it's bright, with great modern decor, and the seating is comfortable.  Service is always very good.  The prices and portions are a average for the area.  The cuisine is a twist on Sonoron, but nothing extraordinary.",review,pV7C6w6rQLYl7BS9-J8cUA,1,0,0
6YWp7frmHKuPLYSlPyUdsw,2009-12-06,T5GjSfKEl4tRrPoaaJ_tBg,4,"i enjoy Barcelona.

when i moved to Scottsdale, AZ, this was he first bar i went to.  It was right down the street from where I lived (which ended up being a great location).  

all of the greatest friends i made during my year there i met here and im still in touch with today,

i normally dont get into that whole ""club"" scene...but i always had a blast when i was there.  

i do have to say i would never go there looking for a Mr.  if i was single.  i don't care for Scottsdale men, they are WANNABE's, drive their BMW's yet live with like 6 other roommates just so they can AFFORD that BMW.  If there was a section on Yelp about Scottsdale men, i don't think there would be enough room for my negative opinion.  this place is full of them YES.  

But like i said, the service is great, i loved my bartender James.  and i always had a BLAST when i was there.

i miss you Barcelona. xoxo",review,JEfRjBaNqdInGz2_Zx3mxQ,0,0,2
Jw1ucgEz9SlUKK7_7sqOdw,2011-02-16,jN3T5zU6P5fZolndTLWYCw,5,"In a never ending quest to find new lunch spots me and a coworker stumbled upon this place. Hearing it from another person we were originally looking for somewhere else.

Overall I thought the food was excellent. A generous portion, and a price you can't beat. A little difficult to order but got exactly what we wanted. Only problem I can see is no where to sit. So you have to take it to go. Still worth it.",review,edNdxDyzMiZCHEBMbo8H4Q,1,0,0
7TTGDhtXBTeii0uPxOSgyA,2008-11-30,b_oj5jIX4iHLNpt9RQq1BA,3,"Playable muni track for players of all abilities.  If you've never played golf, this would be a good course to learn at.  For low handicappers, it's birdie paradise.  Kenny Mac has a large chipping green and two putting greens, as well as a driving range equipped with crappy range balls and mats which I refuse to use.  

The course itself is wide and flat, and is certainly not a destination golf course.  The fairways have generous landing areas and the rough is hardly penal, while the greens are mostly accessible and large.  During the summer time, the fairways run out and the course plays extremely short.  

Bonus 1/2 star for having lovely cart girls.",review,dQO0tQISZyb9L4d5ASnXyQ,1,1,1
QMIR_VeLPSOp-d730i5mJA,2012-02-01,XCOHKPe_PKB3SVBBNn9wfA,5,"Move over Jacques Torres! Angela has come to town and just might be the next big thing for Phoenix (and the confectionary world!) 

I happened to find this place just on a whim....I was reminiscing the other day about all the wonderful chocolatiers in other big cities, and it occured to me 'maybe there is a chocolatier in Phoenix?'  Sure enough, there is!! (thanks yelp!) and she's GOOD!!!! 

Angela is as sweet as her candy is! She explained how she just started this business in October of last year; she is a self-taught, talented and creative, as authentic as it gets, chocolatier! She uses all organic ingredients, including fair-trade organic chocolate. You will find many whimsical truffle flavor creations like Raspberry Rose, Mudslide, Strawberry Balsamic, Lavender Lemonade, Madras Curry, Avacado Wasabi, Maple-Smoked Bacon (yeah, I KNOW!)....and like a million more! AND the best news of all, is that she says she has perfected a dairy-free recipe for truffles...I. CAN'T. WAIT! I hope I'm the first to order that batch!! Besides beautiful, flavorful truffles, she makes her own marshmallows (in various amazing flavors as well) Chocolate Bark (which is always dairy-free) and even different hot chocolate mixes. 

The most amazing thing of all is....now, get ready for this....all of this magic comes right out of her home kitchen!! THAT means, everything is made with *love* :)  So, if you happen to yelp this, like I did, the map will actually take you to her business, which is located in her house, in a neighborhood (a little confusing at first....) but it IS LEGIT! She said normally it's by appointment only (I was not) but she gladly had me in and I got to see some of her gastronomic creations anyways (yay!) However, she says that she normally sells her stuff at the South Scottsdale Farmers Market (Wednesdays) and the Tempe Farmers Market (on Warner and McClintock on Saturdays) In fact, if you go to her website, you can customize a box of chocolates and pick it up at the farmers market of your choice... (can't wait to do this!!)

Needless to say, this made my day...no, like, my week! SO excited to have a real, gourmet chocolatier right in my own neck of the woods! Woo hoo!!",review,wLuDGMXytNVTF8ZU2gwUEQ,2,3,0
c8XlQvVNwKhH9BOHEObtNQ,2011-04-25,z5h9wURk-smtCzZ8pbyxlQ,2,"I used to be a huge fan of this place, but it was just ok this time around..

A bunch of us went and I ordered their steak for two.. 22oz. Thought it might be good.  It was dry and had no flavor.  She had asked at the beginning ""Do you guys want A-1?""  I said ""No thanks.""  A good steak shouldn't need any sauce.  I should have asked for a ton of it.. just ugg..

We also got their artichoke, which was actually not too bad.  I love the one they do at Cheesecake  Factory. if you combine both, you have the ultimate smoked artichoke.  

Everyone was ok with their meal and one of my friends loved his.  He got the chicken fried steak.  Cant really mess that up I guess.  it was pretty good. 

Id go back, but Im not the fan i used to be of this place.",review,_4lqpCYCqOQzbB6xQGGhrQ,0,2,0
v6zRA0WqOODJjmpvstrpGQ,2011-02-08,qQ7hWJvzM9qZyiyzdsXGtQ,4,"Great service and large portions.  I like it.  Nice, clean building too. I had the alfredo and it was tastey and was really like 2 meals beacuse I had the leftovers for lunch the next day.  A little pricey, but not too bad.",review,0mqHhdKEdak_A1FBhFNXqA,0,0,0
4zfrcEmGvZ4oYKx_revTxA,2012-11-15,IDJNccH5xoGU-_we9OU2kQ,4,"Pho is great every time, service is fast and friendly, potstickers are the best I have ever had and they are only $3.50.  Plus %10 discount for Intel employees.",review,uqEQsMbvsQQcqKpZrPyYwQ,0,1,0
gUt-pPUpOVVhaCFC8-E4yQ,2011-03-27,Qv1jJdZftPlfJef45OX3GQ,5,"Bomb .....................................................................................................................
Heated toilet seats",review,_tTNzjkD-pvWqSb-Ahw9Uw,0,0,0
XKFGZwvsk3GVzd1CZdWpIg,2012-02-09,W2wNTUAq5AFVgTiJsXRkqQ,4,"My first time here. Service was fast and friendly. Had a HUGE slice of pepperoni to go. Really good, fresh, flavorful pizza. Love that I can get it by the slice!",review,vzAvkSRois2VMqj_AT7xVA,0,0,0
U6oNWTxVTnuuCL0BPRZCSg,2012-01-07,NDFCbn9vIRXnAJtjIUHriQ,5,"Just went to this theater last night, and it was great!  Started with friendly staff...every one of them! (not common these days)  Went to get a popcorn, and the nice girl suggested....""why don't you press your button at your seat and someone will come serve you!  Take advantage of the service!""  We went to our seat and after we pressed the service button, someone came within a few minutes.  There was a full menu at our fingertips...including alcohol and specialty coffees.  Our seats were comfortable, leather (or pleather), roomy, we could stretch out our legs without touching the chairs in front of us, we had 3 cup holders between the both of us, and the seats leaned back.  Not a bad seat in the theater...we got to pick our seats BEFORE we went into the movie on a touch screen computer/pad.  

I'm really impressed with the prices, too, because for just $2 more than a regular, cramped, loud, teenager-infested movie theater, we felt like we were getting First Class treatment, all night!  The snack, food and drink prices are typical for a movie theater; but not more than it would be elsewhere.  Pretzel was about $4.50 and Hummus was about $6.50 for example.  

I'm sad to read Ruth Ann's review because it sounds like an isolated incident, and it also sounds like they did a lot to take care of the issues she had...an experience can't be absolutely perfect.  In my case, there was a little bit of stickiness near my cup holder, but that's not something that will bring my experience down an entire star or 3! 

Go to this theater!  It's really a great night out! (As long as you like the movie you pick, which we did :)",review,UFQ4WzoA5emSWsSpzOtyAA,0,1,0
vF4d_jh3shJx8jU39AZdqg,2010-09-20,ReCxfxjT5EPqIn5vvBR_0g,3,"3.5 stars. Went to the Calo Flamenco show this past Sunday, brilliantly talented company of dancers and musicians.

The Center just completed a year-long renovation this May, completely refurbished all 1,500+ seats, added guardrails and orchestra level handicap-accessible seating, and enhanced their central A/C system. 

The Chandler Symphony offers free concerts on monthly basis. The Center's programming schedule can be found here: 
http://www.chandlercenter.org/performances.html",review,r8xfTpifZ7gP5Cd5CSQaIQ,1,0,0
lAGDe38li38fyf971CslFg,2010-02-10,Pr2joZGKMm_GHqvKZTSlpQ,5,House special chicken is a must. This is not a fancy schmancy place so you know the food will be good! Never have had to wait for a table. The banana thingies they give you for dessert are awesome too. I give it 5 stars because of the huge selection. Pei Wei and PF Changs are ok but they have a limited menu. And a LARGE wait!,review,KLekdmo4FdNnP0huUhzZNw,0,0,0
3utuLtXNNvXAzwTgpyD9vQ,2009-03-28,Xzx04tG4ndBxM3YSsdfHmQ,1,"Some of my friends brought me here last night and the first thing that came into my mind was that this was a set up for To Catch A Predator. I was ready for Chris Hansen to pop out and grill me with, ""What are you doing here?"" If you feel like Kubrick's Lolita really speaks to you, as in it mirrors your life, then you've found a place to feel comfortable in your pervert skin.

If you're of age to consume alcohol, they've got a bar here. The thing about this bar though is that they're really sloppy about pouring drinks, ie. a Manhattan should not taste like a barber's cleaning solution. The decor and set up of this place really needs a face lift.

A few pluses though... If you're under 21, I could see how this would be appealing. I'll admit that the under-21 clubs that I went to when I was under 21 were fun, but now that I think about them they really suck. It seems like an alright experience if this is your first step into the club/bar world. The DJ's here spin pretty much straight hip-hop which is fine, it's very mainstream though and nasty bumping music.

If you go here you're one of three types of people:

1) You were dragged here by your friends
2) You're under 21
or, 3) Your usual excuse is a heart-felt plea, complete with waterworks, that goes something along the lines of, ""I swear, Officer, I thought she was 18!!!!""",review,FxxYCRPcpd__yhRRmmtyMQ,2,2,3
MXOdsPTLQPsQK9hUq01DWg,2011-11-06,0xA6Q_vQhVI4hZh7Wvaw5Q,4,I came here for a Yelp event and had a great time. They have the place somewhat divided into two sections- bar and restaurant. I liked that the patio opens right into the bar so you kind of have an extended bar. The food was really good and the staff rocked. I have been meaning to go back. I'll put that on my to-do list!,review,H_JsAwjiGEOr_RlZmwfNsA,0,0,0
bBjBTLRk0jxEySjixSFUkw,2012-03-18,TVWhHE1oRBFbWiDEsOe8aQ,5,"These girls know how to make working out awesome and fun!!!! Quality instructors, will not disappoint!!! Lots of variety!!!",review,BtQVxFotHFK3T2FtIrBWmg,0,0,0
0a8hLC1V7jgOjRigoBohAg,2010-07-11,QRn7Ayjmpe79GxTp5VYQ9g,4,"Super fun!!! I haven't been to this park in years so i definitely was overdue for a fun and wet time!!! 

I went this past Saturday with my friend and although there were a lot of people there it was far from crowded! The longest line i had to wait in was for that toilet-bowl type slide.. (which was super scary for me, btw). 

I would rate this place with 5 stars however, their food selection is very unhealthy and ridiculously expensive. My friend and i wanted to bring snacks (healthy sandwiches & water bottles) inside but our ticket voucher stated that food & drinks were prohibited, bummer. 

Prior to heading to Sunsplash, we filled up on a super yummy & filling breakfast at Cracker & Co, conveniently located less than a mile from the waterpark! About 2 hours into our wet & wild time, we did take a break and treat ourselves to two large icees (for $8, nuts.. right?).. and before we left we had a scoop of ice cream each for $3.. each. Ha. As i was chowing down, i looked over to my friend and said, ""we could buy a half gallon of ice cream for the price of this ONE scoop!"" Sheesh.. whatever, it was worth it.. we supported our economy that day. You're welcome Economy! Lol

Over all, i had a blast acting like a dork & reliving my teens. There were tons of lifeguards on staff & they helped keep everything safe, organized, and everyone happy. I am planning on gathering more people, including my boyfriend to go THIS weekend too! We might try a different park though, just to keep things fresh!

The wave pool, the lazy river, the variety of slides, the lily pad cross... Sunsplash is a SUMMER TIME MUST!",review,e8Ux_b9e3OGceknRqi44WA,2,0,2
O6ogkhJOdaX81sNC9_RAOw,2009-10-09,ih0n8GeFN5YFdq_QJdNcLg,2,"There's 1 casino my tia wont go to, but she doesn't remember the name of it. Guess what? I think this is the place... 

I thought Wild Horse Pass Casino was already open. No! Not until Oct. 30. I think Wild Horse needs to reword their billboards. So we drove a few minutes down and ended up at Gila River Casino. Next time, I'll pass! 

Super small, lame security and the machines suck (literally, the machines inhale your money like it's water). I spent $50 within 3 mins without winning anything. What made me scratch my head was the set up of the machines. You'll see a row of .25 cent machines then a random $5.00 machine in the middle of it! Or a row of $1.00 machines and a random $25.00 machine thrown into it! What the heck? 

Again, I'll pass on Gila River.",review,Fpd-Q0_stZUq4jP1DtLxjw,2,3,2
m_fi31gTJ1aASUZbS3QioQ,2011-10-17,--TqfVGywiYWh7Sn9ksBmA,4,"Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(",review,ikm0UCahtK34LbLCEw4YTw,1,1,1
-WZIxGXJHMGidZXRhKxP3w,2010-03-29,FRoQi0lZiE39b-XLm-M63A,4,"It was a Sunday morning & Mimi's was PACKED! We walked in, gave the hostess our name & told the wait wouldn't be too long considering it was just the two of us. The décor was French quarter New Orleans-themed, with Parisian style knick knacks & art work abound. A bit on the kitchy side, but quite nifty IMO! What I found to be not only impressive but wise was that they had free coffee, mini muffins & sample size nut loafs for the waiting patrons, which mostly consisted of seniors & families. 

Following the hostess to our table, I couldn't help but notice, the humongous portion size of ALL of their dishes. 

The menu had so many mouth watering choices, but considering I was feeling ill, I ordered a bowl of granola & a (YU-MMY) buttermilk spice muffin. Boring I know, but lemme make it up to you by talking about moms dish, the 3 egg avocado & crab omelet which was made w/ jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, bacon & asiago cream sauce, accompanied by red potatoes, choice of one of their mega-sized (hot & fresh) muffins & fresh squeezed O.J. 

The service was on the slow side, perhaps understaffed or just overwhelmed, but our waiter made it up to us by giving me choice of beverage & extra muffins, no charge. 

For those of you who want healthier options, don't you fret, they offer a Fresh & Fit menu as well. 

All in all, I really enjoyed my dining experience @ this Mimi's location & will definitely return if I'm ever back in Phoenix.",review,f-xJLG6AsPqifz_otUP8wQ,2,3,2
L-bpJXpA5875dLb7A4wh6A,2011-12-16,DQBVIeOxiDnfsDJGDB14hw,3,"Does YC's stand for ""yucky chinese?"" 

That's what I'm wondering as I am slowly trying to put down this food. This is such a fun and exciting concept, and the service was beyond amazing, but wow... this ""food!"" My sauce to meat/noodles/vegetables ratio is about 100:2. Being that you're supposed to choose your own food/sauce, including the amount, it should be my fault; however, the nice young lady who works there made my sauce. There's a menu board of how to make your sauces, but since there are two meal sizes you can choose from, I think they need to re-doctor those recipes to fit each of the sizes. I feel like I'm eating spicy soy and sesame sauce soup.  

I think the price is pretty reasonable for everything you get: meal, drink, soup, great service.YC, re-doctor your sauce recipe and I may consider my return.",review,zPiEroQrxxyBrHSUAcymBg,0,0,0
u9MKnG0PqI8N7ixSfrrTiw,2009-01-22,r_iDneLEBvaT1unCtxzojw,4,I've been to Joe's & Bobby Q's but Dave's takes the BBQ on this one! We got Dave's family portions for one of our many tailgating experiences. We tried all of there dishes and the beef brisket was delicious as was the pulled pork. And don't forget the cornbread muffins. While this is a place you cannot go often or you will be the pig! Its worth the calories every now and then!!,review,p5JVI5TkPtUtKq2_J3DrDA,1,1,0
m-32wtMGKTJe_8Z9gn_kAQ,2011-03-28,ULSTEGAK19J8UW8VNAsJ2A,5,"As a Massage therapist I really need to get worked on to make up for all the massages I give.  Kristi is my go-to massage therapist.   With over 20 years of experience in the healing arts she's got amazing strength and sensitivity.   AND--she's a great listener--it's kind of like getting a counselor and therapist all in one shot.  It's the best hour of my week!  """,review,V-ixKMzLSMxDzdEJ9TF2Ew,0,0,0
DcrM4hwDcU2G6vuh2cnaYQ,2011-07-27,adLepXF2WR9ZgeL3_eIZMQ,3,"Went here because of a groupon, will probably not go back without one.  

Cons:
Overpriced, flat out.  Plus, like other reviewers have said, they RUN OUT of a lot of good stuff.  Also, I know this is something small, but as their menu changes, they should update it online.  Had I known the menu would be so different, I would have waited for another week to get a meal I would ACTUALLY want (as opposed to settling).  Also, we had reservations and had to wait 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, but a personal pet peeve.

Pros:  
The food was good, but like I said, overpriced.  Since I had a deal, I didn't mind as much.  Atmosphere is nice, and I loved the extras (we got a few small tasting, palate cleansers?).  The cotton candy was fab, and though the strawberry dessert was NOT my first choice, it was truly delicious, and I may go back JUST for that dish!  I love the location, and the staff was incredibly friendly, informative, and courteous.  

Knock down the prices and I'd give it at least 4 stars!",review,lVomYoc1M3-4-qawV_gsKw,1,3,0
X5QTGpPfqXFtmtizsGAksw,2011-06-07,DhUin2-qKsd1qiLlRTeWjA,4,I love this place. A little on the pricey side but the food is awesome and the staff is always cool.,review,GiROQFEsNS9-uRobLQHSkg,0,1,0
-3xbryp44xhpN4BohxXDdQ,2013-01-01,oaD76n8LOnh2GxGw9sZqkQ,5,"We made a last minute decision to go out on New Year's Eve.  The restaurant was very busy but after just a few minutes a couple of seats opened at the bar ( our favorite place to sit) and the bar tenders, Blake, Kennan and Clair were ON IT!  They were very busy, but did not miss a new face at the bar or a glass writing for a refill.  The food was excellent. My husband had the baseball steak with twice baked potato and I had Prime Rib  with lobster tail and twice baked potato. Everything was cooked to perfection. Oh yes! Start with the garlic cheese bread as it is yummy!",review,yEdoJsi3f0IEar6FOHgwjw,1,1,1
VTyfRdPJS3AVZOWDXIAhyQ,2009-04-12,T4P7U2qMnWHwHwG6MHqb3g,4,"This is the old Rigatony's on Brown Rd- If you've never been, it has a Buca di Bepo-ish, before Buca was cool, sort of feel. They even serve their house chianti in a small water glass, instead of a wine goblet- adding to an authentic ""Joisey"" kind of feel.

This is traditional Italian-American fare, rich and flavorful- with big portions. The Chicken Piccata is crack-good. It's served in what I've come to learn is a Sicilian style, with a n awesome relish of tomatoes, capers, and green olives and a side of addictive Fett Alfredo. It never gets old.

Another great authentic dish is their Cecca- you can get it as a ""Pie"" (Pizza, that is) or over pasta. You just have try it. It's rich, refreshing, and explosively flavorful all at once.

The house salad is a variation on a traditional AntiPasto theme- and is a meal, and event, in and of its self.

The best thing about Mardeneley's is that EVERYTHING on the menu is good! It only gets Four stars because it could use a bit more snob appeal (and a better beer selection).",review,PY6a5DTygDqf52eQMtii5w,3,3,1
dUi5Lg1Ay3HwK0p_ZaXNYg,2011-07-26,tKNpKiQUsOx-UfMMArBxbQ,4,"The three of us ate at Famous Dave's last evening and had a really nice time! 

We stopped in around 5:30 or so and were seated at a booth in the bar area. It was still early, so there was plenty of seating throughout the restaurant. Our server came by a few moments after we were seated and asked about our drink order. Nice. 

If you have never been to a Famous Dave's, it's sort of like a Texas Roadhouse, which is a complement. I've had some really good BBQ over the years in local Roadhouses throughout the US, and clearly this chain has copied the model. 

We started with some onion strings and chicken tenders off the Happy Hour menu along with our drinks. Both were good, but ordinary. What made them good was Dave's sauce. At each table you have five or six choices, as well as the sauce that came from the kitchen. 

For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos. Each was delicious and large enough that we couldn't finish. One observation on portions, they are large -- like two Styrofoam take home boxes large 

For dessert we order some $1.98 mini puddings and brownies. Just the right size for everyone after a large dinner. 

Fellow Yelper Scott D put it best in his 7/23/10 review: ""Famous Dave's consistently delivers no matter which location you go to"". Our party of three heartily agrees! 

The tab came to $69.49, including taxes but without tip. We thought that was fair given the serving size and the tastiness of the food. We will be back! 

Enjoy!",review,1BW2HC851fJKPfJeQxjkTA,3,3,1
FkHhy6kWeoJf0xJTqzRWmg,2010-10-18,3UJmNaH7OZoye15uzB6vRQ,2,"I've been here twice, which was obviously enough. The first time was in 2002, before I was old enough to drink legally. It became obvious to me then that state fairs are only fun for people over 21 or under 12.

In 2008, I came with some friends who bought a $6 hamburger at one of the tents, took one bite, and threw it in the trash. One of them remarked later that it was the only time in his life he'd spit food out in disgust. While this was happening, another friend and I asked a toothless Vietnam veteran manning another tent where we could find the nearest restroom. His reaction suggested that we were insane for asking such a ridiculous question; we surmised that perhaps, due to some bizarre war injury, he had not taken a piss since 1973. Bottom line, customer service is not high on the priority list at the state fair. Nor is edible food.",review,UQLWaa3K8ajDq0J2zSltnw,0,1,3
r7GXuj4rr2vGPU_pklxcQg,2009-04-27,imTtqUUglJcjt2my7G2PrQ,2,"OK, I am new in town so I was unaware that they are trying to change the name of this event to The Great Arizona Picnic, or something of the like.  Well, thank God because when I hear ""culinary,"" my mind certainly does not think of Dos Gringos...or any of the other Vendors represented at this event.  And why the hell, after paying to enter, would I pay again to enter the fenced areas!?  WTF!?  

I come from a town where festivals are managed better than most corporations so I believe that I am spoiled, but there is no excuse for the long lines encountered here.  I counted over 60 people in line waiting for pizza...pizza!  Lines to enter, lines to use the ATM, lines to purchase tickets, lines to eat, lines to pee......

Obviously I feel passionate about this particular review, and for those that love this festival, I apologize.  I will say that many people with whom I had spoken who had been coming to this festival for years said that it is no longer what it once was.

On a positive note, the people watching is tremendous.  I have never seen so many beautiful people in one location in my life.  And I would agree that it all depends on the company.  Great friends make this a fun event.",review,NLDDaat42UQXQCOpU4e2TA,2,2,1
TQhP4vCMjvX527YMxPfuUA,2011-04-21,4JoQpdtA0_XZlH8Mp86V5g,5,"Greatness in the form of food, just like the other locations. 

The service was particularly good at this location. We sat at the bar,and while the other customers were mildly annoying, the late night bartenders were up beat, witty, and very personable.

The atmosphere was par for the course.

All in all, if you are reading this review, get your directions to this location, close the browser, and go eat!",review,K5T9yaw-iOL_-RW5XVofMg,0,2,0
AZq_SBJsqsleJkQCksYsjg,2012-07-10,trfZP2pBuKHZBuI7h4h1LA,4,"Stayed here for my best friends birthday. We just wanted a relaxing weekend and that's what we got. We liked that the pool was open 24-7. There was a bar at the pool but nobody attending it which blew. So we would have to go inside in our bathing suits to order our drinks since they didn't have a menu outside. People say the rooms are dated, but we thought they were nice. We enjoyed every part of our stay with the exception of the bar out by the pool not being open.(If theres a bar, someone should be working it right?)",review,Ho9wE60C0HfVaGQiwatZeA,0,0,0
d3MxUXS1b6U2P_gGuCO1-A,2010-05-31,r6nzRsf5goTllOfoGQU9hA,4,"I actually haven't had any of the cocktails here yet but the menu looked really amazing. There are lots of sake cocktails and yummy-sounding martinis and they have a pretty good beer list, too.

I had the tofu with red curry sauce and it was really good. I also had the oyster mushrooms which were also really good. I really like tapas as an idea, the small, inexpensive plates so you don't feel like you're spending a bunch of money even though you end up spending like fifty bucks. 

My friend happened to know the guy who was our waiter and he was very sweet. Overall I'd say it's a really great place to get a quick bite and have drinks with friends if you're feeling a little bit fancy.",review,0UCWOfFSbSk-tXPd17_Wmg,0,0,0
Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA,2010-01-26,1lLOC-FQQZP8wM86PRnKOg,5,"Awesome, delicious lunch or dinner takeout place! Quite a dive in terms of decor, so don't expect anything fancy. There are folding tables and chairs, if I remember correctly.

Anyway, I had jade red chicken and emperor's chicken quesadilla and both were SO GOOD. The idea of Chinese - Latino food sounds odd, but I'd heard of it before and just never had the chance to try it. They have all sorts of combos, mostly with beans or rice as a side (get it? chinese and latin food both usually come with rice....!). So before you knock it, if you're in Phoenix and looking for a place to eat, this is it!",review,THC7I7imU3jkhYN1ibSH3w,2,1,0
yC3ydbHAJTZ22FZp4LynFg,2008-11-24,z8m4w7OlpnA6SxsCRi0Lnw,4,"out of the three filipino restaurants in Mesa i think this is the best, lots of choices in the food, and the cantelope drink is a must have.  the portions are really good, and price is very reasonable.  i took my friends there last week and they liked it.  only thing i ask the cook though is too go a little easier on the grease, but than again it wont be a filipino dish if there weren't grease oozing out of it  lol",review,hKJsae1YDM57ujATRpnjAA,0,0,0
1eBJyYf3JEccqXUFxG1VWQ,2009-10-07,IwCKq03IdacOQiPJhJfTog,1,"in addition to sucking, it's also expensive.",review,FEdeDneIRH2IjKfneDA-vw,0,0,0
18oecrR4bf-ctLvVGEaSLg,2012-12-02,I3OVhm125X3akj4x8wVxbw,3,"I LOVE in n out burger, but this particular location kind of lacks.

I order a double double, mustard grilled, no onions with chopped chillies.

My burger came with onions and without chopped chillies.  Also mine and my girlfriends buns were stale.",review,3ZEc0JBnmJHpak2cNyCIPA,0,0,0
aozcOaCMwOHG8s-lbZ6_gA,2011-04-17,XD4Fj0QAjmdipcOXUB_XTQ,2,In my ongoing search for great Chinese food in Phoenix this place is a speed bump,review,eLOGS2cLzi-RKBqdOPpw8A,0,1,0
jJhNOhuGpIsJX5SEUFFWYQ,2011-11-04,6LWNjmEpltmwc8Lo_dw2qw,5,"I can't believe I haven't wrote a review for Ted's yet! By far, one of my favorite places to go. You can get full off of some tasty food for a great price. I normally get a hot dog with mayo, onion, hot sauce and a pickle. I also like the corn dog and onion rings. I can always get a satisfying and fulfilling meal for $5-7. Love it!

Can get a little crowded on the weekends, but generally all the people are pretty fast and nice.",review,7o7MF9B9lxcWupE8jiLOaQ,0,0,0
-4A5xmN21zi_TXnUESauUQ,2012-04-24,JNn06tNrrMk_gdq0aRxqrw,5,Great place to go before heading to the zoo. Not a lot of seating if you're with a big party,review,yMQHn_kmQF1_47d79oGhvQ,0,1,0
9uMnQTDD0hi_ivp_te6s4A,2012-05-28,K0accMAdHc3qfVBHCirOUA,4,"This HD is very good.  They seem to have knowledgeable people.  When I was putting in my irrigation system a while back I got a lot of good info from their plumbing guy.  Apparently he was a master plumber.

On this trip I needed a overheat sensor for a can light.  The lighting guy had a can he said he couldn't sell because it was missing something, and proceeded to rip the sensor out for me.  No charge.  That's customer service!",review,Mb0psF4WQF7gZSuZafVr-g,0,1,0
ShUSw5yD7EFWBOiq_CuHMQ,2010-04-18,kmLbMKOQ9mmvU6FT4eOSpA,5,These guys know their stuff.  Professional staff and great location.,review,L6-K7i4Ir1blOPOpLM3AcA,2,2,0
qSLdUiI2edATC3KBT2zf4Q,2011-03-26,ZNFGyC5e1xtzXZLFhBzxIw,5,"From the moment we walked in the door we were treated like celebrities. I wish I was one after leaving here! The food was some of the best Thai we've ever had, and I live in Chicago and have tasted dishes more than a dozen different authentic Thai restaurants. 

We never were without a glass of water or a full glass of wine. I wish I lived here so I could make this a regular stop during my weekly Thai and Sushi cravings. 

The Tilapia was out of this world - topped off with a delicious medley of mint, onions and lemon leaves. I highly recommend the Spring Rolls - very fresh and tasty! Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed.",review,y7iru3-UEZC7nNOzFZvdcQ,0,2,0
7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw,2012-02-19,Hw40iX1EQHx7v5CqoLuc_Q,5,"Visited this great place last week with my parents and sister and we all had a great time!  The service was a bit ""in the weeds"" but everyone was friendly and nice and the food was very good.  The tour is worth the $5 and then some, very informative, and our guide was very funny and knew her stuff!  products for sale are lovely and the  drive is worthwhile.  It is a bit way out but it was different and a great way to spend Sunday.  GPS do not like the address so try google maps and your phone/ipad it will get you there.",review,iKsgTJHZaZUEbOmmEQKC0g,1,1,0
yYbd9P1KmlPSKmQxo68n_g,2012-08-05,_VpM0qDomGw-j81lLcWKmg,4,Wow! Some of the best barbecue in the state!! The pulled pork and the BBQ Baked Beans are a must try!!!,review,hSEv6hOHIJt2kaFHr2vsPw,1,3,0
wH9WtaTlrRawH_IpK90RPg,2011-06-27,wlEieep6ZlttVFDesoz4vg,5,This place is great.  All the food is fresh and always good.  They have a great happy hour daily with a very knowledgeable staff.  I highly recommend this place.,review,F_M4GMKXy2EUZFQeo_MtjQ,1,0,0
5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg,2008-10-30,ngFqU9PPLZ9zLv34mLVE9Q,3,"I admit I'm not a huge BBQ fan, as it usually makes me feel like exploding afterwards but since my dining partner loves BBQ, we've eaten here a lot. The meat is pretty good but at least one of the meats has been dry each time I've been. My favorite has been the ham. The spicy BBQ sauce is pretty darn tasty too. 

I've found myself putting black pepper on the mac and cheese to spice it up and haven't been all that impressed with the rest of their sides either. I'm a big fan of sides at BBQ places, even more than the meat, so when sides disappoint I get sad. :(

I dumped out their homemade root beer after one sip. Don't know what was about it but it was very *off for me, and I seriously love root beer. My dining partner loved it so ehhh...maybe it's just me. 

The place is very interesting on the inside, the decor reminds me of a mid century cafeteria but more modern. They have a huge hand painted mural of a farm and a large outdoor seating area for parents to let their kids run around in while they eat. 

Joe's gets packed. I've seen the line wrap around to the outside on the weekends. I don't think it's worth waiting the 20-30 minutes in line for, but then again I don't think a lot of places are worth that wait for cafeteria style dining.",review,FHJUj7EHB9nB2czVOzQX3Q,3,3,2
uvgI3CcxHnyGb_akVb8TCA,2012-04-09,gCXpcuxN3N_R7v4nq1BEcQ,5,"Attention all parents, nannies, guardians etc.  Koko bees is tons of fun!  The kids are all smiles & full of laughter.  Terrific environment:  oodles of play houses,  dress ups, costumes, toys, themes & settings!  The little ones imaginations can run wild.  They even offer fantastic dance, sports, yoga and tumbling classes for the children!  This is a great place to come with the kiddos!!",review,qjumhaqvwFHz68ogEJKRXQ,0,2,0
TMq92PhrL-tQS3qOsNIXUA,2012-02-23,kzYtTggi0J4-GLo5QRM-Cw,2,"I've fequented here often enough to know that all the majority of the games here are all those ticket games and little claw type games. I come to hang out with friends and play some games. I can in on tuesday night around 6pm and thought to have dinner there since I had a coupon for the place. I really didn't care about price at the time with the coupon.

 After being seated our waitress got our drinks took our order and everything was fine. After we recieved the food we were left unattended for quite some time. When the waitress finally returned I had to ask for a refill and some ketchup as well. My drink was empty so I would assume that would be something that the waitress would ask but I caught her before she left. My boyfriend did not recieve a single refill the entire night and we were there from 6pm to 9pm.

We had friends meet us there and we just chatted it up for some time. It wasn't for some time that we realised that the place was bare not just of customers but of staff as well. It was as if they closed the place down and just left us. After the waitress had taken our check and cashed us out that was the last we saw of her. The plates of our food were still in front us the entire time and we had kind of placed them all together so that she could come and just take them...kind of thought that the bunch of plates stacked together would give the hint we were done but I guess I shouldn't be so subtle next time. 

The food was ok at best. Nothing bad nothing good in hind sight though if I had to pay full price for what I got if that waitress had left us like she did and I didn't frequent the games I would've walked out. Probably wouldn't notice. 

All in all go for the games if anything else. The games are even ok that is IF they are running. Sometimes I come in and games are off or not working. This is just a place that is convienent for myself and friends to meet up.",review,O_KD0lyV0VlwMdPF2k6lqA,0,0,0
-3xbryp44xhpN4BohxXDdQ,2008-11-24,iWGAoY8Rge0GQOZW4Kd06g,4,"Had myself a new york striploin and it was quite good although I do hate paying these kind of prices for steak.  I really thought the vegetables were more special than the steak, but if you compare what kind of quality steak you get here compared to say Donovan's (high quality steakhouse in CA), I've got to say that I like the overall package presented at Keg Steakhouse with respect to the quality and price.",review,btfv0CFoDX6vJCPms6-Irg,0,0,0
1udzLbeQxmLTbOtgyVP0kQ,2012-11-22,qwm-L-iO4IHHEPmE8rx73w,5,"I split the veggie platter with a friend and we only got just over half way through it.  Got the rest to go.  I couldn't wait until I had room to eat again so I could eat the leftovers.  Sooo much good stuff.  I'm usually not a glutton, but there are a precious few places where I lose all self control and beach myself and this is apparently one of them.
We were there for an hour and half and asked all sorts of questions about how things were made and what they were.  The lady that waited on us may have been the owner.  She was cheerful and happily indulged our questions.
It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating for large groups, but it also seems to be an authentic family outfit.  They have a few beers in bottles and apparently authentic music.
I'm sad that I'm moving out of this neighborhood right as this moved in!  If I weren't leaving, I'd probably give up cooking entirely and just eat here every day, or try to get take-out.
If you're downtown or on the east side of Phoenix, it's worth the trip.  Really good ethnic places outside of the Italian/Chinese/Mexican/American mold are a treasure here in Phoenix.  If you're from somewhere more metropolitan, you know what I'm talking about.   West Bring friends, dates, clients, and employees here and impress them.",review,lKze8Z4vzqgN5R8Bq8F_vA,0,1,0
c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA,2009-01-14,oX0IOkDALa6VkORxXY2nOQ,3,"Well, it dropped a star for me, and I'll tell you why. Eaten there probably 20 time in the last quarter. I've had it all; All you can eat sushi, bowls, desert, beer. Ate alone, ate with Sandra K, ate with son and family (including 3 year old grandson who plays drums with the chopsticks) had a party of 12 there.

Service....slow on Saturday for the AYES, otherwise I can't complain. There are some ""bright"" spots. First, it's close to my neighborhood, a start and there is more than sushi and that is helpful when you have non-sushi lovers with you. The bowls are very good and you can order them in the heat index you like. Funny names to them as well, like the ""Exit Wound Bowl"" or ""The Classified Bowl with this description;Don't Order this Bowl"".

Squid Salad is great, great, great! Calamari, ok. Hey they put a lot of thought into their beer selection and that is cool. And their dessert sushis are very unique.

As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really ""hip"" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people, let's face it, are pulling back. This is not a place for a sushi purist, but give me good food, a cool gathering place (close to my central Phoenix abode) and I will be there. Sushi has got to get better for me to rate higher and ""earn"" my business.",review,swJ6rmmGx4DCxosDfKTElw,1,5,1
hZRLGfRrZTo9up2P-0aAHg,2010-07-09,zWhVRsQ80-6EVlT4EIU6MQ,4,"So far the only thing I have eaten at Verde that was not awesome was breakfast. Don't get me wrong it was yummy, but lunch or dinner is much better here. My favorite dish is the tacos al fresco. Two fresh tortillas loaded with fresh colorful veggies and coated in a delicious vinaigrette. Did I mention everything is super fresh? The rice and beans are also very good. The salsas and guacamole are also awesome. One is smoky while the other has great tang and spice. Nothing, however, outshines their delicious tortillas. I love walking by and seeing someone preparing them in the window. The decor and atmosphere are also great. The owners are super nice too. I really can't complain about this awesome place!",review,3VIRjR2V29TOaI9u64hMig,1,1,0
WiAY7lyT-DC7Zk3StMMp0g,2012-09-09,7lR08Tui3SORRFiIs7C6fg,1,"Our bartender was rude and impersonal, to start. When my wife ordered a diet coke, you could see her disdain. We saw her once more, when she took our food order, after which she sat in the corner and ate. The remaining staff dropped off our food without a word, and never came back; in fact, I had to flag down the manager to get cashed out. The food was sub par. My wife's Shepard pie was all mashed potatoes, and my chicken strips were incorrect and with the wrong side. Also, my fries were soggy because they had been placed over excess sauce. 

Poor food, awful service, overpriced beer. Visit the Kyrene location or don't go at all.",review,BFzp34CongI8FAnFrC4WNA,0,1,0
cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ,2010-07-19,TVUUO1gxwBiATfntwXhmXA,3,"Service - 5 stars (which is so rare). Food 2.5 stars. 
My husband and I are a little picky when it comes to steaks (we eat Morton's and Mastro's) but we wanted to try a new steakplace while visiting Phoenix and Durant's had great reviews. 
When you get to the restaurant, you walk through the kitchen (pretty cool to see everything) then you're greeted by the host. We came for a pretty early dinner and literally every single person - host, kitchen staff, waiter/waitresses greeted us. The decor is pretty cool - kind of burlesque-ish, all walls are a deep red, there are huge vases of roses everywhere.
Our waiter Fred was awesome!! Very friendly and professional.  I had their vegetable beef soup (good but salty) and my husband had house salad. I ordered the trout with lemon caper sauce which was very bland. My husband had rib-eye and it was also bland which was surprising. Their dessert - trio creme brulee - was the best part of the meal! So from this meal we decided if we want steak, we're sticking with our usual Morton's.",review,hws92rePVainOwONgFG2Hw,0,1,0
DhDCnjPyZGUN3x5WzluRTQ,2011-05-19,0y6tjRANTAx-KIbiCRcu3A,5,"Bruce saved my day, my computer crashed this morning and I gave him a call and he was able to come out same day.  He went through my whole system at my office and even updated my anti-virus with a free AVG instead of paying for that crappy Norton service.  He was able to go through and recover all my files and found out the operating system was corrupted.  He saved my day and completed everything same day.  Thank you Bruce!",review,EP3cGJvYiuOwumerwADplg,1,2,0
7wRpeQV6cqbx7qgEO94owA,2010-02-15,n0lC_z4j_vw_UZpcKs1gXQ,2,"If your products weren't my number two love I would abandon you!!!  I only say this of this location!  One associate was SO snotty I wanted to punch her, and I'm not a violent individual!  Fashion Square receives my loyalty...",review,ZKs7NR45Fi27wcIoAilEMQ,1,4,1
He9Dar4bk2vyeiPC7TkUgA,2011-03-20,zYJRUO5lcYYexpjUxaCwFw,5,"went down to Scottsdale for Spring Training (Go Giants!) and we decided we wanted to have a nice, sit down meal instead of bar food or ballpark food every day/night.  Eddie's House fit the bill perfectly.
Food - excellent.  Tuna Tartar ""nachos"" were great.  I had the scallops and they were perfectly cooked.  Also had a size of Fiddler's Ferns which I've only tried once before.  they were excellent.  Berry Cobbler for dessert also excellent.  
Service - excellent.  very nice waiter who was very attentive.
Location - close to downtown but not on the immediate Scottsdale Road path.  
Atmosphere - also excellent
Prices - being from San Francisco, the prices were unbelievably reasonable.",review,mNrdpZFYHOLtYXJcIrKPyw,0,1,0
NuFs1Sh5wUa7ZLISMtCMRA,2012-01-10,LGURVvqFw7L1u2Na4fzPBg,4,"We like this restaurant,  It is always good food and good service and convenient to our home.",review,X3lQtlRJZFtwE1gP45x3Vw,0,2,0
kLfJNtvpbomNTD8tqm7ukQ,2011-10-15,L_jA5wIheHgsMxcHqCoosQ,5,I rented bikes here for the first time today and took them for a ride on the green belt.  It was so fun and the husband and wife working the shop were so friendly and helpful! I will definitely be a returning customer and recommend this to people who are looking for a fun outdoor activity.,review,0qAgcZQ3uT4BrvA_P0LW0Q,0,1,0
W7xb2iS4cYL14Yi5LOGSkA,2011-12-05,yQvdduZssbdi244ErD_hIw,4,Never had a bad meal or a bad beer here.  Great selection of brews and the food that they make is simple and GOOD.  Great recipe for success.  Service is a little spotty but expected due to the fact that these are college students who really (speculating here and actually giving the benefit of the doubt) don't care too much about customer service - it's just a job to them.,review,W9ZG5q-QIblXYeHgaPS5Uw,0,1,0
uI4YqMarUpchI4I3ZWgOGA,2010-07-14,X7MpG6myZOkZhovgwndQPw,4,"Yay! I got to try the happy hour finally! They even had a sweet band playing in the dinning room, great ambiance. 

On 4th of July weekend the girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho and ventured over to Vic's for some much need food around happy hour time. The fun drinks were totally wroth it! I got the burger on the HH menu, it was sooo yummy, huge and came with a bunch of fries and was only $3. Crazy right?! We were pretty tired so we couldn't stay long, but next time I want to try the calamari, hummus and other fun drinks.",review,_uL7OiQSfNsCd60DrAf7qQ,0,0,0
pQ3kRVmttsV1bHxuTf7TAg,2007-09-20,KrGuO0DXCX0pLH8SVOyvnA,4,"I think I'm in love. If I only lived closer to Downtown Phoenix, I'd leave my mark on the Lost Leaf in the form of a permanent intaglio of my ass cheeks on a bar stool. 

It's tucked away on a side street in a humble looking home cum art gallery cum bar. It can be a little tricky to find since no sign exists, so keep an eye out for the neon lit open sign. You definitely don't want to miss out on this place by becoming frustrated after fruitlessly ducking down side streets, saying fuck it and going to The Roosevelt. While it wouldn't be a total bust, you'd be missing out on the warm and inviting ambiance of the Lost Leaf.

That's really what won me over about this bar. It made me feel downright cozy, with exposed brick and wood, local artist's artwork decorating the walls, and the actual kitchen serving as the bar. The main room is large enough to host a large group, but small enough to be homey. The acoustics are very good (soft talkers rejoice!) and the music playing was loud enough to add to the mood, but nowhere near the point of drowning out conversation. There are a couple rooms in addition to the main bar area that you can duck off into for more intimate conversation, as well as an outdoor patio that's a little on the small side but, super score--there's ceiling fans!

I found the prices to be very reasonable and the service to be unpretentious and helpful. There are no beers on tap here, but the selection of bottles is mind bogglingly extensive. I had to ask the bartender to get me his favorite pale beer and I ended up finding out that I am also in love with a brew called 1664. Looks like a wine cooler, but manages to be respectable instead of laughable.

So bring a couple friends with you and indulge one night, and then another, and another. You'll be love struck too.",review,tlSSQwfHYJany7wPoTH46A,5,4,3
fecYnd2_OTDECk7bd6GOFw,2011-03-19,roCITLlb_RwydpGd9ZO_JA,4,We've eaten at this location quite a few times. We've always enjoyed it. The pizza is great and the employees are friendly. We also threw my son's 6th birthday party here in sept. Our hostess assigned to our party was great and very patient with all the kids.  My son said it was the best party ever. We'll definately be having more parties here!,review,YeK95nGGvYsssVHzcWpmkA,0,1,0
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2011-01-29,HZAEVgeQE-VkHGTIk_GpbQ,5,"Love this spot - it's pretty close to the convention center so Natalie and I went here to check it out. The bacon is awesome here!

Their philosophy is great too - local, organic, etc. etc.  The place is tiny and quaint too and as always it's great to support a local independent business.  

Best breakfast in Phoenix that i've had and definitely one of my fave spots - went there the next day too - got the special and it was delish - check my photos to see what we got!",review,1ADzO1AOjVDuByLzaX3pgg,0,1,0
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA,2012-10-18,FXC4mW_eL6GMN7SsbSgzAg,4,"The husband and I had driven by Hula's multiple times, saying it looked interesting but we were always on our way to another destination. We finally stopped in on their 3rd Anniversary and boy, are we glad we did. The wait for a table was probably 45 minutes, but the place was packed and in all consideration, it wasn't as long as other places we've been. Plus, we wanted to sit outside, since a band was going to be playing. (Who were awesome, btw.) Drinks were $3 all night, special anniversary prices, and we tried the Dr. Funk and the Painkiller. The Dr. Funk was delicious! The Painkiller is similar, but had cinnamon or another spice in it that I didn't care for.  I ordered the coconut shrimp egg rolls to get us started and they were fantastic! For dinner, I had the coconut encrusted butterfish and the husband had a pork plate. (Mine was delicious but the pork was just okay.) Our friends had steak tacos and a salad. The steak tacos looked so good, we had to come back a second time. The second time here, I had the steak tacos and the husband had the steak dinner. Mmmm, the steak tacos were totally worth it. (We also ordered the coconut shrimp rolls again - definitely a favorite.) For dessert, we got the brownie with macadamia nut ice cream. The brownie wasn't anything special but the ice cream was good. When we checked in on Yelp, we received $5 off our bill. This was a nice surprise! Totally check this place out - we'll definitely be back!",review,tHz9cWxwSfcP4qRaPIHvww,0,0,0
EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg,2012-03-07,-vYN_QTOpFt-fLxcIzugwQ,5,"The name is so misleading, because this is the most charming dining spot I've ever eaten! 

I dined here for lunch with a friend and was blown away by everything about it. First, it's location is tucked away near ASU campus in a quiet little neighborhood. It appears to be a converted home built in the early 1900's and lots of beautiful mature trees and plants growing in their huge, and I mean huge outdoor patio area. I only dined outside, but honestly with such beautiful weather 9 months out of the year here, why would you dine any other way! 

The service was excellent! The staff was extremely attentive and always checked up on me while I drank water and waited a while for my friend. The menu was amazing. I never once read a menu that I wanted to try everything on here. They had a huge variety of dishes at what I can only describe as American/French fusion. It all looked so divine. And from what I've been told, their menu changes frequently to new seasonal dishes. So I can't wait to see what they offer when I return. I went simple with my meal having this delicious quiche, fresh fruit and a cup of their corn chowder soup. The soup was so rich and creamy, I could have ordered and ate a whole trough! It was that good. The fruit was clean, well portioned and fresh. I'm very particular with fruit, and hate when the fruit looks soggy and overly ripened. And the quiche was heavenly as well. Just the right amount of ham and tomatoes with alot of flavor.

Since I was here for lunch only, the prices were reasonable. I've heard at dinner it can get expensive.

This was an unforgettable dining experience and recommend this to everyone to try at least once.",review,lt8EDfC80IpHzGKlj8qGpA,0,1,0
OllL0G9Kh_k1lx-2vrFDXQ,2011-05-12,HcZ-HvaZyD7uDUI9IFtRDQ,3,"They are known for their CARNE ASASDA and it  does rock but dang this place was nickle and diming me at every turn! 
 Everything is ala carte, and the tacos are so small,3 bites and its done.
For the price tag it should at least come with a small bag of chips.
Honestly the chips were so average it was disappointing. the salsa that comes with it was mediocre considering the hold out factor applied.   The salsa that came with my  tacos was exceptional, that should be their signature salsa for everything.
Sodas by the can, no refills,,geezzz,, another 3.00 bucks later.
I think I ended up spending over $12 for 3 small tacos and small basket of chips, and 2 sodas in z can. 
For that price,  I want more atmosphere or at least a 4 bite taco.",review,4ywb0jhJePq3eNvDgIAGGw,0,1,2
oT6K-uJgGLq3FbcQQn3ivQ,2011-09-14,gcV68SxJlp5X_ITBv_z_FQ,4,"So this place was under another name from another fame, but the owner is the same. (ha, crack myself up).  The food is way better, the space is way roomier, They have like 100 TV's and the fact they didn't kick me out on opening NFL Sunday because I was on my roller skates makes mama very happy.

I plan on going here for all the 1pm games for the rest of the season. They are kid friendly too.  Can you say no babysitter needed, take 'em with ya.  They need their own roller skates tho.

FOOD: recommend the pretzels/mustard - the cooked kind.",review,4CZW7wofHjv55ml185QPOQ,0,0,1
EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg,2008-06-03,Vg9irIjRKJIXnNayILhYCA,3,"It is with great regret that I give House of Tricks three stars.

I've been here twice.  The first time, friends invited me and the wifey here for dinner.  Seeing the patio, I thought, ""oh, this is really cute.""  Once seated inside, I thought, ""oh, this is really cute.""  Seeing the prices on the dinner menu, I thought, ""oh, this better be really good.""  Long story short, it was okay.  My friend, who had only been here for lunch, apologized for the unexpectedly high prices.  I didn't care too much, I guess.  It was edible.  I'd probably come back for lunch.

Which I did, with co-workers in tow.  The prices at noon were certainly more agreeable and we all looked forward to a pleasant meal.  Suddenly, this gem of an exchange occurred between our waiter and my boss, Debbi:

Debbi:  How large is the quiche?  I weigh 230 pounds, so I'm a big girl.

We giggled.  Debbi loves to joke.

Waiter:  Well, it's not as big as you.

Bad form, dude.  Bad form.  You're lucky we paid lunch menu prices.",review,kDJ9PRlYugp5RIa9ontPZg,1,1,3
RQbD1athZFAke0zBTEqgwg,2010-02-01,MYcczOB_c_G3X4QEM2yD5w,3,"My boyfriend, myself, and his 3 year old foster sister met up with his mom, dad, and 2 year old foster sister. We were all heading up to Prescott this past Saturday (1/30) to play in the snow. When we got there, they were already set up with drinks & pancake balls (strange, yet greasy & delicious). They'd placed our orders as well since they texted us for them when we were still 15min or so behind them. The food was good. The service was just okay this time since I can't remember if anyone ever came to give refills on anyone's drinks. I know they came by and asked if everything was okay a few times, but that was it. Still, friendly staff. The bathrooms weren't anything spectacular, but it's a bathroom...at a Denny's. 

Anyways, we all left full and went on about our day.",review,bDVQPjGPM6yVLD2cntJkrQ,0,1,0
OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw,2012-05-10,VTHAgGIL57QnfIbGG9gXHw,5,"Amazing.

Fogo de chao is nothing short of out of this world. It is expensive, but as soon as you start, you'll know exactly where that money went.
Seriously. Try it.",review,yJ22u_1l01H4NM3wCowIKw,0,1,0
XK5FFbrKWMjRqc6ZbSTknw,2012-09-24,zvuI-Q74i25kga0RkHiUYw,4,"I went here for dinner since my friend said the the location in Cave Creek was one of her favorite Mexican restaurants in the Valley. However, living in Phoenix and Scottsdale, we decided to go to the Fountain Hills location. Plus, another friend lives there so it was a more central location for all of us. 

We arrived around 7 and it wasn't crowded at all, we got a table right away. We got chips and salsa to start which was perfect since I was really hungry with it being way past my dinner time. One of the girls got a pomegranate margarita and she said that it was really sweet but good. I got the fish tacos and they were delicious. Probably the best fish taco I've had. I was expecting some sort of fried fish, probably cod. I was pleasantly surprised that it was grilled and the two tacos came wrapped up in the foil pouch they were cooked in. It also had this really good sauce. The hard shell tacos that my friends got also looked really good. The shell looks homemade, fried, and super crispy. My friend asked for extra cheese which they brought out in a small dipping bowl. She was also charged extra for this. The tacos didn't come with that much cheese to begin with, so that's kind of a rip-off. The price isn't that cheap either, I would definitely say it's on the pricey side.  

The atmosphere was just okay. I was reading how it's the most romantic location, etc. but maybe they're just referring to the Cave Creek location. All of the employees were nice and even took a group photo of us at the end since my friends were visiting from all over. I definitely want to go to the Cave Creek location in the future to see what all the fuss is about, but it'll definitely be more of a special occasion thing since it's definitely a hike from Scottsdale. In the mean time, I'll stick to my other local favorites for tacos.",review,oe_QopcqJ8RJMrW-DJLodA,0,0,1
0K634ehk41ZRc4kj3NTAEQ,2011-01-18,SWdRuN3xy_pc6Sj5MnHwOQ,5,Man the chompie sliders is the bomb.  Wish there were some in LA.  Man taste so good and flavor.,review,nmztWUc9gAO76-1vn8M09w,0,0,0
h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw,2010-08-28,tiBdD_8-eiPBQlHLoF_MFA,5,"The sushi was fresh and excellent! The service was almost too fast. I did not find the prices to be out of line with the quality.  Our daughter loved the miso soup. The one thing I really appreciated is that they will make what you want, whether it is on the menu or not. If they have it, you can get it. I know we'll be going there often. 

One thing though, this is a busy, noisy place. It is not large either. If you are looking for quite and relaxed, this perhaps isn't the best choice. If you want good food in a noisy cheerful atmosphere, like a bunch of friends or after work, this fits the bill.",review,-cgz6qu0nnJZ_pWX-NlScg,0,0,0
5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg,2012-01-01,OQCvM5dw3phiR0OLQt-_YQ,5,Great place to take the kids to play and have some bbq. Nice outdoor area and good solid bbq.,review,MI_ZFuJ55bRnaarjYzkKRg,0,0,0
vZBYSQtTbY9MaYu5qNuU8Q,2006-10-07,63r0aX7XtwQOD36XfsImPQ,4,"I love to hike Piestewa (formerly known as Squaw) Peak, obviously not for the solitude - since it's so crowded.  

It's a rigorous 2.4 (round-trip) mile hike and NOT for beginners.  But it is the most fun. 

It reminds me of our version of the New York street scene - almost egalitarian in a way.  You see people of all sizes, ages, ethnicities, physical abilities, socioeconomic levels, families, friends, lovers, first-dates.  This is where you see Phoenix's diversity, ladies and gentlemen.

It's definitely a wonderful first impression of Phoenix -- from the cross-section of society to the people-watching, and last but not least, the AMAZING breathtaking views, of wildlife (like roadrunners, chipmunks, and lizards), flora and the Valley below.

It's been noted as one of the most hiked trail in in the nation.",review,4_YfcfHkCem1onJFkItxjA,2,2,2
n-Q7d10K0h6PyNewmiHLyg,2012-04-01,PerNQjbCord5HrsoatjNZQ,3,"There is a certain sense of nostalgia that exudes from Phoenix Muni that you don't really get at the newer Spring Training facilities in Arizona. True, it is the oldest still in use, but it feels more intimate and more geared towards the spirit of seeing your team before the season starts. It's less about business and more about getting back into the swing of the things, having a few laughs on the basepads and shaking hands with the people who really live and die by their fandom. 

Most of the seats beyond 1B and #b sides are benches, another throwback, but really, there isn't a bad seat to watch a game. Get there early if you're into meeting players and getting autographs and also be prepared to wait in lines for food or drink. Even when ALL the stands are open, they are not enough to service a packed house of hungry fans. 

Bring cash, only a few places accept card.",review,W-VlJfTsCTBjknjIoTgUqw,0,0,0
3g2ofV7mhEoPyfF7vFMObA,2011-03-27,IiJnNTKdGIOs5LWYF6IzMw,4,"Who doesn't love $3 well drinks? Relaxed, social, no frickin' paid seating!! Except that I was propositioned to "" Swing"" by some totally gross dude, I Lovd this place to start the evenings!!! Great cheap drinks.  What more do you need?",review,2PGSd993Aw8cQHym6qO2DQ,0,0,0
_4_84uCAFDI2VHHEQz5f2g,2012-10-27,gxZXZmZjVh0Aupz_zu53qg,5,"If I won the lottery and just wanted to spend a few hours a week working, it would have to be in this store.  One, because I would want to be there just to see all the THINGS all the time, and two, because I would be able to spend all my money there.  This place rocks.

This place has three buildings- the west one has pricier items, but the stuff is GORGEOUS (see previous lotto winning comment).  The east one has very reasonably priced items, contains seasonal trinkets and specialty food items.  The south building has kids stuff, pet items and clothing/purses as well as some home items.  It is the BEST place to find a gift for someone, or spend your overtime check on something nice for yourself. 

Want nice stationary?  A cute soup tureen?  A garden item? New collar for your dog? Fake fruit for your centerpiece?  Gorgeous picture frames?  Cute gauzy dress?  Hip handbags? Pretty bangles?  Antique key holders?  Whimsical signage? Artful platters?  Decorative bird cages?  Catch my drift?  They have EVERYTHING! :)",review,JQsyLbRcUGM1Z4zYrI3nOQ,0,0,0
s3D7EEo1Or4SsxRRjURJwg,2012-11-13,rW8ZcTh1iocEiJ03Bh6rCQ,1,Worse pizza I have had in a while. We ordered 3 slices and they tasted like they had been sitting out for a while and nuked. Crappy service too. Salad was plain and all oil no vinegar for dressing. . Service half ass. I am surprised they have remained in business fo several years. Also they apparantly have no AC it was VERY warm inside even on a slightly chilly day in Nov so we sat outside the inside was so hot and stuffy. this place totally sucks.,review,iIQbATX70Jsbosv4OE2tHQ,0,1,0
yDnRf8m_YI4AXHVGH6-fuQ,2011-03-19,aCI-cfEPw4xYKhaHIIkiCw,4,"Be sure to save up for the $3000 coffee machine they demo'd for me! Nuts! I could never imagine paying as much for a coffee machine as I would for a used car!

I am really wanting to take one of the cooking classes they offer here. Soon maybe... Hoping for a Sur Le Table Groupon!",review,TTP7l5g4QUVCpQZ9NTAWqw,1,1,1
iAyDiyR-Pv3Q7zt7qqixrQ,2011-10-06,zfWIfKDDhn1cdzJpJtw9PQ,5,"Love the convenience store. I stop every morning for a soda on my way to work.  They are friendly, efficient and clean.",review,3BCH4AfHZshEaegNmPpN2g,0,0,0
Jj7bcQ6NDfKoz4TXwvYfMg,2009-10-24,yfud50sGM2bhpsWRyxSkRQ,4,"Pros... Quick, good, cooked right, self serve condiments, friendly staff. Good choice of size and type of meat. fresh buns, self serve drinks. Good Good Good.

Cons... The place is a little run down, they sometimes no self serve trash bins.",review,C6IOtaaYdLIT5fWd7ZYIuA,4,6,4
-sAoGZTnFtDZUY9JYWHqlg,2012-08-21,aOSiBNsA9pa9ozCUpsjESQ,5,"I threw my friends bachelorette party here this Sat and had an amazing time! Though this place is very fancy and classy they are super laid back with the partying and drinking. Makes for a perfect mix! We went all out and got a table with bottle service and two rooms to stay in. They gave us a bottle of champagne for free and brought it up to the room for us to toast which was cool. We had 18 girls in two rooms and we didn't get one complaint! We stayed at shade, the club upstairs by the pool, until 2am and then changed into our swimsuits to go for a dip in the pool. I love how the pool never closes so you can drink all night long! Shade also plays great music which we loved. Good mix of different stuff so everyone was happy.

I did have a little bit of issues with the woman who booked our table. Her name was Haley. She was not very responsive and didn't return my calls, emails or texts. I wanted to decorate our table but wasn't sure what was allowed and she never answered my questions. But the night of the party I mentioned this to the manager and she brought us a free bottle of champagne and sincerely apologized for the trouble. This was enough of a redemption for us. It couldn't have went better! Thank you W for an awesome and memorable night!!",review,khPlizt3ava1xkbtAxHQnw,1,3,0
HwnC7hT0uIWuBq4CRtk_fw,2008-05-13,SJroKRys5G5DV1uQz-W5LA,5,"a weekend of debauchery was spent here when i was 18.  somehow we broke two lamps that were hanging on the walls.  like high up on the walls.  like above head level.  don't ask, because i don't remember how it happened either.  we tried to steal lamps from other rooms, but the maids kept catching us.  so we wrote, ""I O U 2 LAMPS :("" on one of the lampshades and left it at that.  one night, my friend jonathan got really drunk and angry and lonely, went to the pool, and threw all of the poolside furniture into the pool.  we seriously destroyed that motel.  i'm not kidding, there was so much filth in one of our rooms that you couldn't see the carpet.  i felt really, really bad for whoever had to clean that up.  but the best part was that we didn't get charged for any damage we caused.  thanks, motel 6!

no wonder my useful points are so low... i use yelp more often to showcase my anecdotes than to actually review things.  i'm useless!",review,tBkuKR6UDj-XkgtXoTANZg,5,7,9
7SO_rX1F6rQEl-5s3wZxgQ,2010-03-08,o1jc-nqCqeZ6Iq3AIve69g,4,"I feel like an East Coast gangster when I roll up to LGO for breakfast. I'll take the Jersey Girl... pump fist and hair toss!! Hands down, it's the BEST omelette I've EVER had. And the fresh-squeezed OJ hits the spot. 

After a hike at Camelback, it's relaxing to come and sit on the patio... if you can find a spot. Weekends this place is a zoo!! During the week is pretty crazy but has its peaks. 

The French Toast is pretty tasty and they do pastries just right. Muffins are baked fresh, toast is always spot on perfect. I want their toaster!

I've had the pizza, which is pretty decent but not the best I've eaten. The salads are delish.",review,OksbhhgC71Ary3zNHMypeQ,2,2,0
wNUea3IXZWD63bbOQaOH-g,2011-09-17,oCgR-2vAKsjIsxx8yzfDEQ,4,"Sushi and birthdays go hand-in-hand. I returned to Phoenix just in time to hang out with my friends for my birthday and they took me here. This place gets packed during happy hour for their half-priced sushi rolls and great drink specials. 

Stingray is a beautiful restaurant in a high-class location. The patios are spacious and there is a lot of seating indoors too. 

The sushi is well made and I will return...however, during happy hour. The prices jump up and the place gets empty once happy hour is over.",review,LP0bl3GKToABt3lnpSvA2w,1,1,1
ZdQbDVZWDsO-d7q2qW8E3A,2011-12-16,5KTv4675TzICY5Y5cQoZgw,1,"I just finished my G & S meal that I ordered to-go; actually, I just finished throwing it out. It was HORRIBLE. And by horrible, I mean shamefully bad. And by shamefully bad, I mean, heinous! I had a very disappointing experience here about a year ago but I thought I would give it another try. I should have proceeded with caution when I asked the long-term employees at the neighboring Blockbuster what was good and to the person, they all stammered and failed to reply. Seriously, zero out of four could give me one ""great"" dish! I've lived in both Mpls & Chicago and my Ex used to travel the Orient and we were always surprised at how POOR the quality of Asian food was in this area and WHY the people here, seemed to like it!? It's absolutely baffling!
I had the Orange Beef & Spring Rolls. The Orange Beef looked scarey right in the container. But when i ate it - UGH! The texture was all off and the sauce..... it had these big, clear, GELATINOUS, ..... ugh ugh ugh! I can't even talk about it. Like biting into a ball of corn-starchy orange extract! I'm still sick from those few bites! [Truly.] And while I ordered vegetable spring rolls, I got what tasted like low-quality hamburger meat! In fact I finally identified the flavor and texture as: SAUSAGE! It was like an Asian Spring Roll with chunks of Italian Sausage inside!! How's that for a combo? Ugh...... [stomach turning]
I'm sorry, I'm a Single Parent and I'm usually grateful to have someone cook for me. Grateful even when i am paying. But during ""tough times"" when i actually ""treat"" myself and then plunk down $20(!!) for unedible... yuck - it's totally, TOTALLY unacceptable! 
Shame on you, George, for offering such little quality control and not aspiring to a higher standard overall. No wonder the place was (not) hopping on a Saturday night!
Simply one of the worst meals EVER.",review,7A--K2Yb_i8fhqZEUn3b-A,0,2,2
ncxBZxetREZ_jCma0c7mHA,2010-08-14,5VS5HUxIIECRzd1E1wu8BQ,3,"A hand-job with gardening gloves.....

I went looking for Scottsdale Auto Salon to get a hand wash tint quote on my new Mini today. Finding it out of business, I whipped out my handy-dandy Yelp iPhone app looking for a nearby alternate to at least get the wash done and found Classic Car Spa. 

Expecting to pay a bit more for a traditional hand wash I was surprised to find a machine assisted process. I'd spent way to long trying to locate the place (thank you Google maps) so I just opted for their supreme wash, which includes both interior and exterior detail.

My son and I watched the car move through the process and saw that at least the 'wash part' was done by hand, but they used the same mitts from the filthy truck that had gone through previously. -1 star

After seeing this, I should have watched their 'interior detail' more closely. When I got the car back there were lines of dirt in my white roof, and water spots on the accent chrome. When we got in the car there still bits of chip on the seat and floor mat from my sons spill the day, and it was obvious that the dash and interior hadn't been detailed. (Unless they refrain from using any product what so ever on the interior of the car. The dash and steering wheel were bone dry and dusty.)  - 1 star

I should have brought it up to someone, but my husbands' and sons' hunger won over and we just left. Thankfully all of their other locations are to far out of the way to bother detouring to again.

The staff was friendly, and their waiting area was pleasant with lots of drink choices, although I'm not sure their waiting area was comfy enough for anything longer than a wash.",review,SCkg1fUjBVOze8wWlTGCog,0,2,2
rQ4z0EStSZE4acgkne6Hmg,2011-08-14,RgKTVm_tNDD1uR5iIbFpig,3,"I went here last night with the BF and another couple, and we all had really high expectations for this place that just weren't met. Not to say it was bad, it wasn't, it just didn't live up to the hype. The space is very cute and warm feeling. I like how the chairs don't all match and it has a very homey feel. The service was also very good.

The BF ordered their home made ginger ale and it was very interesting. It tasted like liquid ginger, which was pretty cool. For food, we started with the nosh plate, which was probably the best thing we got. It had this delicious onion jam type stuff with some crackers, cashews, some meat of sorts, and a really good cheese with dill on it. The onion on the cheese was soooo good. I could have just eaten that for dinner. Then we ordered mains. The BF and I shared the chicken and waffles and our friends got the mac and cheese and the flapjacks. I was not a huge fan of the chicken and waffles, and I was so excited for it! The waffles weren't crunchy at all, which I think would have been nice texturally, and the chicken was encased in the fried coating, but once you cut into it, the fried part just fell off. It didn't adhere to the chicken at all. Also, it was very thick and didn't have a ton of flavor. This was very strange. The sauce on the waffles was good, it was a honey butter or something, and the chicken was moist, but together, it was a disappointment. It did come with some wonderful green beans though.... they were seasoned and cooked perfectly. I tried my friend's flapjacks and thought they were a little strange tasting... but not bad. I didn't try the mac and cheese, but my friend thought it was good. 

We finished with a shortcake that has strawberries that were macerated with balsamic and basil and had some kind of cream in it. This was very good, I loved the earthy flavor that the basil brought to the dessert and the strawberries were flavorful and tasted fresh. 

Overall, it was good, but not great. Maybe I had too high expectations, but I probably wouldn't run back here in the future.",review,3gIfcQq5KxAegwCPXc83cQ,0,0,0
xfk9eY8gmwn8qsbyd-W6lQ,2012-08-27,INDZ9AiW3vhZ3jSP5oHEFQ,3,"I've only been the their location on Central Ave.  When I went to order my usual I was informed that this location doesn't have french fries.  Ok bummer... I'll get along with it.

We went later in the evening and the place was really dead.  I'm sure at lunchtime its much busier.",review,_qT3bYTRwfaoJ9fForuFpg,0,0,0
QNo69O4cy6a3HGb6RrGWzA,2012-04-09,7ZRJsKkEFViHU75xr-Lr7Q,1,"NOTE: This review concerns the Roberto's on Union Hills and 7th Ave. NOT the Roberto's in Anthem!


I am only giving it one star because I can't give it 0. Simply put i was very sick after dining there recently. This was the only meal I did not share with my family and therefor the only culprit to my food borne illness. I have enjoyed this place in the past but recently the quality has gone downhill. Now they are closed on Sunday's.

I wish i had read recent reviews on here before i had gone. they have slipped VERY far since there Diners Drive-ins and Dives days. 

the guy that both took my order and cooked my food was obviously drunk. sitting on his cellphone playing what appeared to be a video game when i walked in.",review,ZVBvgWyq0ZP-Td2SXMeDAA,0,2,0
oWb5JjxoPaFSmpGwJ3-Ntg,2010-05-05,zm7KvZN_6qEWk9zWd_XvPQ,1,"After stepping off the plane hungry, I looked around the terminal for food as I walked to the next gate. ""Wait a minute, I'm in Arizona. I should get some southwestern style food or mexican food. Is that a burrito place? Surely it can't be bad."" I ordered a #1, standard burrito. I take a bite. And another. ""Not bad I thought."" Then I took another bite. And promptly spit it out.

The cheddar cheese in my burrito was moldy. And no, I'm sure it wasn't blue cheese. It was even obvious visually. After pointing the cheese out to the manager, she brushed it off as ""the bag was just opened, it's not possible"" even after showing the obvious mold. People around me started looking uncomfortable. Someone muttered ""wow"" and stepped out of the line.

The best part? I wasn't even offered a refund or a new burrito, or an apology for the moldy burrito. Are you kidding me?",review,eqdQie8Y8wg6NONUHlVwzw,0,3,0
Uty42E_VZV_iGMYiY_WB5w,2011-10-25,1vy4zZEyu6rUM7fza5urgQ,1,"I used to love Quiznos.... I would go out of my way to get a turkey bacon guacamole sandwich any day. At this point in my life I will no long be giving any money to this sorry excuse for a sandwich shop. The staff is rude and careless. I was given obviously bad guacamole... Which I didn't realize until i got home a took a bite of my sandwich to have the fowl taste in my mouth. It took 20 mins to get my sandwich, there was only one couple in front me. I'm done with this place. I should have went to paradise bakery across the street.",review,pUhzaeZmNU6KvcdvyDy2dw,0,0,0
i213sY5rhkfCO8cD-FPr1A,2010-05-31,EduYXl9qzGIHzn_ucCTXlA,4,"I have been to the particular location many times.  Except for the wait, we have always had a good experience. I just love that deep dish pizza. I am sure it is on slice away from stopping my heart, but not here for the health food.",review,s339yiWq3AnDbY-dRyqDVQ,0,0,0
qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ,2009-04-16,QInmZS5p7jF85RwLTsWYYw,5,"If you're willing to run out for lunch a little early, enjoy the lively patio atmosphere will dining on yummy vittles.
A When-Harry-Met-Sally picky eater, I, um, grilled the waiter on seafood's sustainability and ingredient origin, and he was good-natured and knowledgeable.
A perfect eatery for a casual date or girls' day out. 
Yay!",review,63HOmdiJzMOw9figAu14QQ,1,2,1
3OauvrqUU8nDLWcW6q9hGQ,2010-01-15,ZMHfSBf4lLJCsGxQY8RYlQ,4,"We went over for dinner- had the spring rolls, chicken curry, and lemongrass chicken. The spring rolls and lemongrass chicken were about a 3 star, but the chicken curry was really good and made up for the others. We also had the coconut water, which was fresh. Prices were reasonable we paid around $30.",review,yJihBbisa05Yz6FUQtzE1w,0,0,0
w19cemjVR8u02PgjFpJ7Mw,2011-01-07,iWKdWQzxDRzonRWlwGz-Og,4,"This place ROCKS! It's a little loud, but it's worth the visit. 
Granted, I cannot pronounce half of the things on the menu, but the Jalapeno Cilantro hummus is to-die-for delish. 
The Greek salad is awesome, as are the gyros. 
I've never made it past the hummus, gyros and salad, but it is consistently great food and quick service. 
Always busy, but isn't every good restaurant? 
Go! It's yummy! This location is my favorite, as I think the one at Desert Ridge has slightly different tasting food (on the negative side of different tasting, that is).",review,DfJ8B8T1fgNA6_ZT-aeUlQ,1,2,0
fd0iSXEhwz-foQdS8SCKYA,2012-10-26,9llQ6Fjv4w52xE3JakKdbg,1,"MY EXPECTATIONS WERE EXCEEDED!  I've been searching for so long to have a dinner experience that MET all of my expectations - for a restaurant that I SHOULD NEVER PATRONIZE.  Mimi's in Goodyear actually exceeded my expectations.  On Oct 26th, while visiting the area, I made the unfortunate mistake of recommending we dine at Mimi's because of previously good food and service there.  But, alas, if the old Mimi's quality still existed, they wouldn't have exceeded my expectations for WHAT NOT to experience in a restaurant.

Let me recant why YOU or ANY ONE ELSE (except those people you truly dislike) should never patronize this facility.  First of all, the interior temperature was at least 80 degrees (when it was less than 65 outside).  We had to ask for the air conditioning to be turned on.

Next, we ordered the artichoke dip appetizer.  It looked funny.  It tasted funny.  The tortilla chips actually resembled pita chips.  If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, it must be a ______.

I ordered the chicken cordon bleu which is supposed to be served with ""seasonal vegetables"" and ""homemade mashed potatoes"".  Can someone explain to me how MIXED seasonal vegetables can be served where the brocolli is steaming hot, but the carrots mixed with them are literally still frozen in the middle?  That's a feat.  My ""homemade"" mashed potatoes?  Cold.  A sliver of butter placed on top of the mashed potatoes would not even melt to graphically show our waitress ""the problem"" .  Even after this effort, no offer from the wait staff (or manager-missing-in-action) was ever made to either warm up the potatoes, replace them ......or, perhaps, use them as wall spackling.

After all this, they sincerely asked us if ""everything was all right"" and ""would we care to order dessert"".  At least they have a sense of humor.

Never again.",review,kxyuyoZFh3c5Ll66f0cxZw,0,2,1
68euKezXqyvsE49cIGdL2A,2012-01-08,U5tVpgn_J3nRCEwyOshhRA,4,"Clean establishment. Rows of freezers in the back. Hidden from the street. Greeted by name what must be one of the regulars. Carries both Modelo and Dos Equis. Slowly made food for being dead. The green enchilada sauce is a must. Green chile chimis are fantastic.

For the price, it was certainly filling and enjoyable. A place to come back to if you're craving decent Mexican in a sit-down environment but are too far away from a Blue Burrito Grille.",review,U5TnaAf__Bn1wbe44T4c_g,0,1,0
G_2CWsU7GYwhNqptrLXUBg,2011-01-28,N23aEDYVXR7WDnqJXtXZgw,4,This place has the most AMAZING selection of cheeses. EVER. Boyfriend got me a tasting selection of about five different cheeses for my birthday last year and I was in heaven. Truly amazing variety and all were super yummy.,review,qRo9gHN5OiV1-peDuhCh-g,0,1,0
K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw,2009-02-12,WKBfPAhdN7GM7sC-FbJOVA,5,"A philosophical elder of my profession commonly says ""Everyone needs three vices.  Sex and chocolate don't count.""  

If I still lived in Phoenix, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles would definitely be one of my vices.  The chicken is pure fried goodness. The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness. The waffles are BEYOND DELICIOUS.  

If I could give any future LoLo's consumers a hint it would be this: if you are sensitive to too much sugar like I am, don't waste your precious pancreatic islets on the beverages.  I succumbed to the peer-pressure and got an Arnold Palmer, which of course comes in a quart-sized Mason jar.  I reached my sugar capacity before the meal even started.  I can only imagine the explosion of flavor in my mouth I would have experienced had I not wasted all my buds on sweetened tea and lemonade.",review,SBbftLzfYYKItOMFwOTIJg,3,4,3
xOlzK02DWzETeZ8HbiEB0A,2012-05-20,vaHO1MNj18aarJYiVMBbTw,5,Yum!  The toasted barley app is delicious. My boyfriend and I shared the eggplant sandwich and the monk burger. Both of the sandwiches were outstanding. The service was great too. We will definitely go back.,review,18buMk5M3IMnfwazFPka8A,1,0,0
JHUcIssf3crggsVxfQ8q8w,2010-06-29,xA0NcSxyTFOs4WvuYdIZBQ,4,"""They outta chicken or day just dont had none.""",review,a5q6s4Lm5LpXb7662LDccA,0,1,1
BRaQrgYVR17bd_zr-wNSlQ,2012-12-10,OFatB40F-vEhDbIQaVRhow,5,"I am giving this location 5 stars cause its been my stomping grounds for atleast 12 years now, its always very good, clean, and I have never had a bad experience here. Wendys locations are just class acts, they are always my go to burger fix. I also made this my daughters first burger when she wanted to finally try one so she could have a good experience for the first one and always have a tasty burger to judge the rest by for her life. If its good enough for my daughter, then its good enough for you :) eat up and review.",review,0Jlviq1YD76N-WK_GUeDMw,1,1,1
L9UYbtAUOcfTgZFimehlXw,2009-04-11,OhvAagILH8MRpZOjDeYEOw,3,"Went back to Liberty Market the other day and bought the Molinari pizza. A friend had complained that the outer edge always burned while the middle stayed too soft and undercooked. I like the stuff that comes on these pies, so I figured I would give it a shot.

She was right. It wasn't unedible, but the middle part was pretty scary. I have no idea how they should fix this problem but this pie wasn't great even though I still love this place.

Oh yeah, Joe, you also need Sweet & Lo!",review,Rg4gzsz3w00vRlIOXcGUIA,1,2,1
NSkmg9I32-BccQsfXKHdAw,2010-07-26,XoBx5_7__zK_dWg08TbmVQ,1,"The location has closed (AGAIN).  Not good if you have prepaid washes or other credits as the business has closed.  Some speculation on other sites is that they have filed for bankruptcy again.

Don't bother stopping by to use their services as the facility is cordoned off and a big sign says ""business closed"".",review,OQPPH3MMG7paqfw1THYGsQ,0,1,0
OypZxwm-jS9QfUwgBmzeyw,2009-08-23,Ivz8DaqoQbXoom7cUxHTHA,2,"Just OK for lots of money. Service was very good, food was nothing special. Butter was rock solid, not spreadable. I would look for another seafood restaurant before ever going back to this one.",review,xU7n0NjHdui0VQShuxEXJw,0,0,0
Lx4ZFP6dIMzi7Ib-ljV-ww,2008-05-01,cT4vUqsgqLdGm695YUjYLQ,5,I think this is the best fast mexican food in Chandler or the surrounding area.  The food quality is high and consistant.  The prices are downright CHEAP.  I really like the bean and cheese burritos and the chili relleno burritos.  The jalapenos and carrots are a must and I am thrilled that they started selling Tamarindo.,review,T7J9ae0wTskrI_Bgwp-4cA,0,2,0
CV4DDFG6tII-ehzaWPXK4g,2009-11-23,RZR-7H08xrPVTusHSawFvw,4,"Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner, love Wildflower. For breakfast the stuffed french toast is awesome, lunch any of their sandwiches are good. I don't really care for the salads but I love the Potato cream cheese soup. The ice tea is so good and the desserts are wonderful. My favorite thing is the Salmon Alfredo, that they serve with yummy garlic toast. 

I like the order at the front and they bring it to you, very convenient and I don't have to tip!",review,tfYiqaLU5swUfMO9JJp9Dg,1,1,1
3OauvrqUU8nDLWcW6q9hGQ,2009-12-04,YuatdmTpwSjym3GwUtSaPA,3,"I can only give this place an OK because that's just what I have had from them so far- food that was ok, not slap your grandma good! The menu is kind of hard to understand but I know that I like chicken pho so I ordered that the first go-round and just wasn't wowed like I wanted to be. The noodles were good but the broth just wasnt to my liking. The second time I had pork noodles (dry) and it was better but still not GOOD. JD had the spicy noodle soup and that was good too, but , again, you guessed it-OK. I haven't given up on it yet because it is so close to my house and the people are so nice and friendly.  Any suggestions on what to order won't be ignored.",review,wC1CPV5bf--bDLtlhNSPLg,1,1,1
MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ,2012-09-13,SpsG9nQNrk1jO446zqdK-g,5,Best pasta I have ever had. Don't go there if you're looking for a two-pound chicken parm or endless breadticks.,review,sul0rJDvTT9QTMGiuA52WA,0,0,0
sI-2c9HZ0RjZX1OU-5DW0A,2011-07-21,R4OYHqwjWHQEg8VSHAeWuA,5,"This is my new addiction! Took some friends and family here to celebrate my mom's birthday, it was her first time and she had a blast. 

Our first chef Poncho isn't at this location any more which we were disappointed about but ended up having another great chef named Sam. He was funny and the food was great! I tried grilled shrimp for the first time and I am a fan. 

Our waitress was awesome! On top of everything, funny and she told us Sam was the head chef and that it was an honor to have him cook our food and that she was so glad we got him, seeing that it was the first time for almost everyone in our group to try a place like this.

We have also had dinner on the patio when it was cooler out and enjoyed it too. I will be eating here often.

Thanks Hayashi for always making my dining experience fun and delicious",review,kSvFC3l_v1T6Q6S89IjqDw,0,0,0
rrd7NeAgARDNzPsxxsBJiQ,2012-07-29,aHH5Bmfi0pWUhD7V5lMGbA,5,"This is the only work of his that I have seen in person. After living in the valley since 2002, I FINALLY decided to head out that way.  I found the information about the life and times of Frank Lloyd and his 3rd wife very interesting. The house was amazing and beautiful. I especially loved the local rocks cast into the concrete, and the lines that created a flow.   I would highly recommend this tour to any one with an interest in form, function, and beauty.",review,fLjjtm4beQfqPxLfeuqboA,0,0,0
HiTpXu1BNE2DlvjyqpObjw,2012-03-10,IK9QPImSRZNqng0MonmvLw,3,"Pleasant and beautiful. Feed the koi fish cheerios. Bathrooms are out of a catalog...I want that! Walk at a snail's pace, because it's not terribly large. When you're done, walk down to Pita Jungle or Lola Coffee!",review,oVWlHAwQBOqP0TuK6cifIg,1,1,0
R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw,2010-11-13,Y40PS2JdUlbAIbsQ9NVeYw,4,"If you can avoid the vintage smell you're golden. 
I walked in - smelled grandma's place with a hint of Goodwill and decided to get myself acclimated and walked about the store. They have quite the selection of vintage furniture, jewelry, and clothes. I fell in love with a few jackets but was all about trying some phosphates and getting my munch on. 

Playing it safe I first ordered the cherry lime phosphate BUT holy carbonation they have a long list of flavors that all sounded if not yummy definitely interesting. 
The food is so good - my chicken salad sandwich was fantastic and came with the best potato salad I've ever had (don't tell my mom). 
I was going to order the champagne phosphate but my pinup girl waitress steered me into getting the pineapple. It was so sweet and not very pineappley but still good. 

For the lady who made a post about no french fries I just want to say, really???  It's nice to have other options and they keep it simple, unique and delicious. I can't wait to share this place with my friends and family.",review,qaAmAU9T_t84UDGiBI98sw,1,2,1
z1Np8_oQECKWGCwJJ8864w,2011-01-29,n5rmItEqGu5eGwm5yfgOHw,3,"Typical chain ""southwestern/Tex Mex"" food in a corporatey atmosphere. They have some tasty dishes and a killer sunday brunch, but everything on the menu is kind of ambiguous.

Prices here are about on par with most places of this type (I put it in the Applebee's, TGI Friday's, Charleston's, etc.) category. 

I enjoyed my visit to this location better than my visits to the PV and Tempe locations.",review,JgDkCER12uiv4lbpmkZ9VA,0,1,0
5Wej_VIpvaXhRTXrdpPQ6w,2008-07-17,-Ix31W3vK3y9aRMFt60R3w,2,"My name is Christi and I'm a carb addict. Bread with my pasta. My lover's pizza crust (classy, oui?). Hashbrowns with my French toast. 

I've tried to quit, but I can't. And, I've also resigned myself to the life-is-too-short theory, so what the hay, bring on the starch.

I did almost get a salad at Bar Louie's because it was a pretty late dinner and I wanted to save room in my belly for dirty martinis. But, they have an appetizer that I couldn't live without trying - Warm Pretzel sticks. 4 huge soft, warm pretzels covered in salt, served with cheese sauces and honey mustard dip. Simple, yet during my carb withdrawl that night, it was the greatest tasting thing I had ever eaten. 

I can vouch for the pretzels, but other than that, the service blew chunks. Over 15 minutes to get shots of jager when we were the only table in our server's section. When people order jager, that means they're on a mission, so give it to them...fast! 

We canceled our drinks and left to drink wine in our hotel room. We knew we'd get drinks faster there. 

If you're gonna go, go for the pretzels, not for the jager.",review,LjqRoxm1-OwhkGxo3aYmTQ,1,1,1
V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ,2009-04-16,e7Qz1hkaMUKgIZwRlj0gtg,4,"pros

good pizza
fancy , expensive but not outrageously expensive
clean interior
outside setting with heating lamps to add to setting. 
good drinks (got a green tea, the name of the tea, called ""Infusion"", lives up to it's name!!!)
the design of the outside, and inside, makes the place a 5/5 for the interior. the food is great! me and a friend shared pizza (toppings were meaty sausage and cheese). the bill didn't come out to a large amount. the wait was a tad excessive. there's a bar. friendly service.


cons:
none for me, been here only once and will never be here again because we were tourists",review,TBP7qPt0cPjtSh_k7OTMQw,2,2,1
16SBP4NJhr7PTOW-WnRL5A,2010-12-15,vsXj6dELMZYb3Z_0kMN-Xw,1,"First off the woman who answers the phone is not impressive at all.   I called to consign my furniture and when I asked her about some info on the store,, she said "" do you want to consign your table or not!"".  Quite rude.  That was a turn of for me.....
The next day I went in the store for some info but when I entered I knew this wasn't the right fit for my Robb & Stucky table.  The place had older style furniture..dated couches, florals, mauves.  There was one accessory that I would  buy in the whole store.  

Needless to say, I won't be coming back or consigning my table or anything else...rude stuff + gross stuff...what more can I say!",review,ASDRgz4AAaJY9IvTrIJNsg,0,2,1
Wg_mT_9_tLbsLfzTtnOBqA,2012-07-25,mZWmmsB49IAIi0i6Kf9B6g,3,"Inexpensive for the early bird special.  $5.55 for the combination plates that include egg roll, soup, rice, and your selection.  If the food only had more seasoning or flavor?  It was very bland and flavorless.  I usually do not use soy sauce, but needed to use it to add something to my dish.  

Neat features: Koi pond inside with a bridge over it.",review,SEDFpR4oMPKqXMjbJiMGog,1,1,0
TTjdeeMfTw9s9vg4T1a3pw,2011-01-26,8YMNavgYg6aTEzkmtvxdkg,5,"I love Gabriel. He does an amazing job every single time I'm there. I generally get two peekaboo highlights put in, and a cut and style, and always leaving looking great. His attitude is always upbeat, it would be impossible to spend any time in his chair and not leave in a good mood. The salon is always clean and comfortable. I never feel like I'm being forced into spending more money or buying product, but when I have a question about what I should be using in my hair Gabe always makes excellent suggestions. I have recommended him a good friend and my mother and both love him. My mother even left her stylist of 10 years to start going to him because of the excellent service he provides.",review,V6rhoTCw7S6H8eHwv2M6Vg,0,2,0
r3r_bAfa6pZKIhQB82FizQ,2009-05-30,xp6Pfn9xSeM-NiDfAhI1pg,2,"Trust me... no one wants this place to do well more than me. However, after 4 visits I have to confess that it is a solid 2-stars. I'm confident in my comments... and maybe a little heartbroken.

1. Loved Chef Wade Moises when he was at SASSI in Scottsdale. I'm a fan for god's sake.

2. I'm a big pasta-crazed fool. Seriously love it.  

3. Love dwntwn Phx.

So what could go wrong? 

Service: 
No one to greet you properly at the door. The space is awkward enough as it is.  Staff was always inattentive and often seen hanging out at the bar. When asked why cocktails the ""signature cocktails"" took so long to prepare, the server responds clumsily ""Because I had to read and learn how to make them just now."" Yikes.

Back to the greeting... We waited about 2 minutes in the doorway listening to staff sitting at the bar chat about how they hoped they could close early that night. It was only 4:30 pm.

Vibe:
The space feels cold and almost clinical. With the lack of fabric in the space, it feels like I'm the ER of a hospital (minus the curtains that surround each patient bed.) The staff certainly doesn't add warmth. Also reminds me of a corporate staff break room. Art on the walls is just bizarre (read other's comments.)

The Cocktails:
They look good on paper. See my comment above about Service. That's all I can really say. 

The Food:
Each time, the Fritto Misto app ($9) was salty and sad to look at. Orecchiette with Sausage ($15) looks fantastic on paper, but never quite right. 

In fact, I've tried every pasta dish on the menu. I'm simply heartbroken. I crave handmade fresh pasta, but the pasta here just leaves me guessing... I'm I the odd ball out? Why do all these Yelpers love the pasta? It's wimpy and the proteins almost taste boiled (texture and flavor.) Approx quote from a guest, ""gummy handmade pasta that looks like bloated playdoh in water."" The sauces seem near amateur as if they were never tasted before serving. Usually on the salty side.

Forget about portions, price, space, ambiance, whatever. The important question... DOES IT TASTE GOOD? 

Sadly, no.

At each visit, I brought other notable chefs from the Valley. In one instance, the five of us ordered an entire dinner, ate a few bites of each dish, asked for the bill and decided to head next door to Sens for dinner (which is another review in the making.)

I'll wait till sometime in the fall season before heading back to Pasta Bar. Maybe it needs more time (although it's been open for a few months already.) 

As always, I'd encourage you to try it out and make your own decision. Wade is a talented chef who can do amazing things in the kitchen. I have faith in you my friend!

Side note... for those of you who fixate on butter and bread service at restaurants, do us all a favor and stick to your cheap filler salad bars. Bread and butter service is simply never worth commenting on as a crucial component of a meal unless it's stellar.  (BTW... I realize the irony of making commentary on the worthless comments)",review,HaDEZSNSTNFmq6laVB6ZMQ,6,12,3
YeDYa6tYL16CyqYvUVOtLw,2011-01-29,9OwfnHMWuznxk9pckE6cDQ,2,"Ok...  I'm a Die Hard Jimmy Buffett Fan - a Parrot Head through and through!

But...  This place sucked.  I've been to half a dozen different Margaritaville Restaurants and I knew what to expect, but this one by far failed to meet my minimal expectations.

The service is slooooow, food is canned and poor quality, drinks are weak and expensive.  The only upshot was all of the Jimmy Buffett paraphernalia and music, and I've already got a lot of that stuff.

The next time I'm itching to get my island groove on, I'll do it right.  We'll grill chicken and burgers in the back yard, put the booze in the blender, light the Tiki torches, invite 20 or 30 people over and jam to Jimmy.  More fun to set sail to St. Somewhere in your own back yard than it is to have to endure the Glendale Margaritaville.

FINS UP!",review,P_LzcrlVXFdgBq_24UnlUw,0,2,0
6TuM3UyFP9O9uzTP0dVZMw,2012-06-20,rzoYyjTXT5ga6RsgzhLa9w,5,"If you want a good meal that will fill ya up, for a fair price...Wally's is a great choice!

The menu has great variety.  If you want a burger, there are many to choose from.  Each is huge and juicy, and comes with your choice of a side....go with the blended fries that include deliciious sweet potato fries.

Want a salad?  Again, many to choose from...my favorite is the chinese chicken.  And, in case you missed my earlier comments, expect a BIG salad.

And, if you're not watching your calories, then try any of their specialty mac'n'cheese dishes.  WOW!

I can't comment on the desserts because I can't eat anything beyond the entrees...but, I've seen others order a dessert; they looked yummy and - you guessed it - HUGE!

And, here's the thing about Wally's:  they're ""good people"".  in addition to providing you with a great meal, Wally's staff are active supporters of non-profit organizations in the greater Phoenix area.  I have first-hand knowledge of their support for the Valley of the Sun Unted Way, and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale.  I have no doubt they support other causes.",review,Q78i-PR6G2Nve0lfJ3YnGg,1,2,0
lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ,2009-10-28,OA_eRg3yvFdCv2UQV2MHoA,5,"Drinking coffee from Cartel makes me want to get my own San Franciscan SF-25B Coffee Roaster, in much the same way I wanted my own pottery wheel after seeing the movie Ghost.

It's. That. Good.",review,emNXAAschSlcvqmDZFj5TA,15,15,20
le1IsRLrTq2Xo78RyFpsnw,2011-06-19,7xEKnQPNDz7-EwMTXsqjZg,3,"Super fast service of OK-tasting subs. I've definitely had better, so the signs hanging all over the place that claim that they're ""gourmet"" is definitely a bit of marketing puffery. Yes, it's gourmet compared to....actually, I think Subway makes a better sub, so I can't really compare it to being more gourmet than anything really. Maybe it's gourmet because they put a ton of sprouts (and lettuce) in the sub? 

I will give the place props for the very speedy service. I ordered my sub and it was handed to me within 1 minute. Another thing I noticed about the place was that it was filled with male patrons. If you're a single lady looking for a manly man, come to Jimmy John's.",review,pNNo7mVPI8j3HFCw9tuzPA,0,0,0
3DMvGD8ZmlMQmhwV66hdSA,2011-03-25,UqQajW_qq-42RUm376XdXA,3,"Good Chinese food, great value -- especially for lunch.  China Village is one of my regular haunts for Chinese food when I'm in the neighborhood.  The building may look run-down, but the food and service are good.",review,q_depZqSFOtI0kT3F6Ihbw,0,0,0
t4aP7ksa716XY6S4EsWFqw,2011-04-30,L9vNexAqXeDn9VKBQ_2-NQ,5,"At length: A trip to Kauai for our friends' wedding several years back led us to Puka Dog and the discovery of another type of holy matrimony: the perfect union of frankfurters and tropical fruit. Our friends are still together eight years later, but how my hot dogs have longed for the companionship of a little pineapple and banana relish.

Disconsolate from my long lost love, I have abstained from the hot dog community (except for Ted's, because it's amazing and what happens in Tempe, stays in Tempe) until a new beau arrived: Maui Dog.

In short (ish): Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got Maui Dog in my tummy. I tried the Sweet & Spicy Dog (favorite!!!) and the Lava Dog (messy!!!) and the house made fries. Everything was delish, and I'll be back to try the rest. The restaurant is a cute, clean, pseudo-dive (kind of a Two Hippies vibe) with a few tables inside and a dog-friendly patio (tee-hee). It's funky and it's affordable. Go ahead, try it. You just might fall in love.",review,gJEJg1fPVDPnkdcVFbVlBQ,0,0,0
pAHUC05ceak48e745i6G4g,2012-02-28,r8r4aZHyTtPk5Ntad7FDaA,5,"The service here was wonderful, really friendly and personable. And the food was OUTSTANDING! That Brulee burger was perfection, paired with some fries and a marshmallow shake. I wanted to stay in town another day, just to come back here to eat!",review,qw-XefCQKAyQkbAxbmD6aQ,0,2,0
KBG28p3lGX17hOPoHhq5PQ,2012-12-01,Rluzf-g97XfB_xdTeN63cw,5,Best sushi in town.,review,-Gylxh4yUIsUbOeXyrqeHQ,0,0,0
FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA,2012-06-16,ov3wOSA40p8l7jlS_sZqJg,4,"I have visited Windsor twice now and I would describe it as fun, trendy, and a little hipster. The drinks are great, good combinations with fresh, unexpected ingredients. I love the 80's soundtrack, my only complaint is that it was a bit too loud at night, so you had to scream to talk. The food is very good, kind of a modern take on comfort food. The brown bag chicken sandwich had a lot of flavor and the mac and cheese is done really well, just the amount of flavor and creaminess. The crab cake BLT was very good as well, the cakes were mostly crab, very fresh tasting.",review,2hXL2ExBsgjJNpm6BJy0lg,1,0,0
rOHs19lhPWXiuPMHzNbJZg,2012-06-06,Tp5BCuA3xyONjY0VMho7YA,4,"Oh lawd!!!

So, I'm a relative nevercomer to this cuisine. Like most people, I hear 'Szechuan' and I think 'just spicy Panda Express food'. Meh. I couldn't have been more wrong.

I was in Atlanta with a friend, and he took me to a place that specialized in Szechuan cuisine. I had my first experience with Szechuan peppercorns there, and I was hooked. All I can say is, if you haven't already tried authentic Szechuan cuisine, then you owe it to yourself to give this place a shot. And if you HAVE, then you already know what I'm tombout and you probably already eat here all the time any damned ways. 

Enough other reviews have touted the wonders of that amazing spice, the Szechuan peppercorn, so I'll let their words be the guiding lights of wisdom for that. What I'm gonna tell you is- I travel all over this great nation of ours, and this place delivers the goods, in the way that I want them. The food is inexpensive, it's reliable tasty, and it's exactly what it's supposed to be. Other people have complained about the service, and to that, all I can say is:  ""get over it"". It is what it is, and I haven't had any problems here. Their food is exactly what it should be, it tastes exactly like it's supposed to, and I love it.

Still keeping an eye out for one of these Asian girl + white guy couples, though...",review,U5JyHRVayfHRHipogAq84A,0,1,0
yRga-WpyfZRz8Es4OpyMhA,2012-10-09,LvD6deYIQ_Nl8kzSMIKAAw,1,"I have only been going to LA Fitness for about 6 months. I live in Scottsdale and work in Phoenix, so I go to the 20th St & Camelback, Scottsdale and Oak and McCormick Ranch locations.  The Scottsdale locations are GREAT! They are clean, the staff is really nice and I see people cleaning the equipment when they are done.  What is it with the Camelback crowd?  The place really smells bad! It really needs a good cleaning. There has been this big spot on the carpet in front of the womens locker room since I started.  I was on the treadmill the other day really noticing how stinky it was and then the guy next to me finished up and just walked off, I swear he was sweating like a pig, left the equipment drenched! UGH!!!  Good God! I couldn't believe it, Can't the employees make these people clean after themselves?? The reviews are right about the staff just hanging around at the front desk.....they should be cleaning something, anything.  It really is a shame that this centrally located facility is a real stinky mess!!  I can't wait for the new one to open on 7th Avenue! Maybe then they may clean up their act.",review,t_jYLnGYRO0zxqScljX8Rg,0,1,0
plPRO44rGZHQWyOzgH-5ig,2012-02-07,kFBwGlC1CM6jtX2V_-Wxmg,2,Unfortunately this UPS location is less than friendly or helpful.  Try the location near Fry's in Fountain Hills.  They are very friendly and helpful!!,review,bqOdnzSn0Dj7-a_SlLc8HQ,0,0,0
zOCdVUKUN3b-obT67Qjyww,2012-07-28,vFQuay8eMRYhcrLCmTq8_A,3,"I will start with our experience from the time we walked in. The customers sitting in the restaurant stared and some laughed. I guess we missed the whites only sign on the front door. However my husband and I love to try new things and don't care what people think. The hostess however was nice and pleasant. Our waiter was also great.  The food here was delicious for an appetizer we had the stuffed mushrooms which were to die for. Our main entrees were the German meatloaf and my husband ordered the tenderloin. My whipped potatoes were so delicious. The cabbage was awesome not to sweet not to salty and the meatloaf was refreshing. My husband enjoyed his tenderloin and fries as well. It was seasoned perfectly.

The skinny is if you don't mind being treated like the 13th amendment was never signed by the patrons of Haus Murphy's and want some Excellent German food this is the place to go. The staff here were great though.",review,Qbjjv9H_JQ-9IgjvXaRLPQ,0,5,0
Zpl8mUrhJJizHHOhbP4bxQ,2011-05-18,CCLNquEEZBypPb5lPZUD6A,3,"tip: if ordering in the drive thru - either there is no speaker system or it's out of order - when the person wearing an apron walks up to the side of the menu and stares into your car that means ""Hi, can I take your order"" There was a few seconds of awkward silence and wondering WTH this person was looking in the car for before we figured out she was there to take our order :)

Since moving to the west valley from southern CA we've been itchin' to find a replacement for Alberto's or Taco San Pedro. Humberto's reminds me of awesome hole in the wall type Mexican food, but unfortunately still leaves something to be desired.

With that said here's info on what we had:
If you're from So Cal and have had Northgate's shrimp ceviche Humberto's comes awfully close.  Verdict - Ceviche - good.
Cheese quesadilla - cheesy - did the job
Nachos - good

If you've been out late partying it up and need to satisfy the munchies monster Humberto's should do.",review,Y8qbeE1E6chGtorUpQGZ3Q,0,0,1
l6EcX0blOzMqHWSdTHXLLg,2012-10-07,tLgLjWNiMctzj0ezxKEE_Q,1,Ok I'm very surprised by the reviews on here. I'm not one to want to write negative  reviews but our food was so bad I couldnt help myself. Maybe this place was having an off night tonight but their pizza barely had any cheese on it and the crust was soggy. Unfortunately the pizza was better than the wings that were overly breaded and soggy as well. Thank God we had a groupon and didn't have to pay full price. Won't be ordering from here again. Disappointing :(,review,tCobUVoJSBdFrb3041vklg,0,0,0
YI96mMSf2GxXq7aFHLHx3g,2007-03-05,8ZxOXO0p5xT378RnAmV6nw,4,"Really great happy hour. The wines by the glass are $5 and are a much better value than the tapas they have on special (also for $5). The tapa plates are tiny, hence the 4 stars only. 

Must have: eggplant canelloni, manchego cheese, pancetta dates, Foie gras (just because I LOVE foie gras)
Skip: Lobster corn dogs -- while this was interesting, you couldn't taste the little crumb of lobster inside. 
So-so: yucca frites, French fromage

All in all, a lovely way to spend an early Sunday evening.",review,zLIV35n1gZ4fg6cGSRqNIA,1,1,0
8v1MWkAeU3nEuqGd27jZeQ,2009-11-09,fZXhCxuyzY8mUpgkeg96Aw,4,"The other day, had a lunch from there. 

No, didn't eat at the restraint, but we picked up a very sizable lunch for a family reunion. The lady that helped us was very gracious, and accommodating. I know, how can someone helping with take out be accommodating, because, my sister, being the wild and crazy type (and to accommodate her husband) ordered 12 Pasteles uncooked, just as raw as can be. Why, so he could freeze some for Thanksgiving. That's the Puerto Rican in him. A holiday is better when it reminds you of childhood. 

The food was excellent, the Ropa Viejo nice and tender. The Paradise Pork (I think that's what it was) was also very good. And didn't taste like a pig. (The only good part of a pig for me is the other food group: BACON!) 

And we all discovered deep fried plantains, excellante'. 

Dessert was rich, sensual, wonderful and sexy!",review,oG7z4APa-gjggR5Sv1ivCw,0,0,0
9cmq0_NV08ejfNsSgr2c-Q,2012-03-18,R0Q7dMneHy0g50N_QtIkXw,4,"I've been coming to this place semi-regularly since they opened, and I love the drinks and service.  You always get a friendly welcome and the staff is eager to explain the menu.

I'm a chocolate-lover so I usually order a Frozen Hot Koko with almond flavoring...SOO  GOOD!!!

The only thing keeping it from 5 stars are the prices.  Like most places, prices are set so that the large is the best value, but a pair of larges for me and the gf runs about $20, so we only go a few times a year.  Still they have a few ways to save- a loyalty card program and loyalty tiki cups.",review,oijTMVRAYB6DrSkhLlaHjA,0,0,0
sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw,2012-02-29,YV3ia99QsZceEIOm3ezEYQ,2,Food was marginal....Sunday brunch.  Prices were stupid.  And I felt like I  was in a New Orleans' night club...on Sunday morning.  Ick,review,d52dRQsUK2daiOtdlw-wLw,0,1,2
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw,2011-08-11,Un80qMN0QR8dNopmZEUgog,5,"Be sure to see Taylor, her service is great, the food is awesome, had roast beef sandwich ...and a plank of bruschetta!  But without good service the experience lacks. Be sure to try it out.",review,I-sHax6SY-Pqc7xfbHnUyw,0,0,0
nvaAUTTl7oqiJDhuimNG6A,2011-02-17,OJuPyrI8oji5YxlszG7nLA,5,"I am a huge ""foodie"", from a long line of ""foodies"". I grew up living in hotels and on room service and fine dining. This is the best, very best, breakfast restaurant EVER! I have been living in Tempe for about six years now, the first two sad sad years I did not know that this wonderful place existed...after my first visit, this is my go-to, best place to recommend, favorite breakfast place to eat at! If you go on a Sunday, it will be very very busy. Everyone is super friendly. The place is very clean. Prices are amazing! Cheaper or as cheap as the nasty breakfast places or fast food. Huge portions and great quality food. I have never had a bad experience here, and to be honest...even if I did, I wouldn't care. I feel like home here. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried almost everything. Here are a few of my favorites (don't forget though, I love it all) :
O'Pear Grenache Omelette, Greek Fetash Omelette, English Harvest Omelette, Huevos Con Chorizo (with scrambled eggs), and the Blueberry Hill Girdle Cakes (pancakes! you can order half an order or little ones...we always get an order to share at the table). Their potatoes are delicious and crispy, the english muffins are great and their homemade jam is absolutely amazing! I have bought many jars of their jam to give as gifts! Just delicious! I wish everyone knew about this well kept secret. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY REVIEW UNDER A 5 STAR! This place is the best, bottom line. Try it. You will be hooked.",review,PnEAXZ7WyJMYBr9IIulh5Q,2,3,0
rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ,2012-08-20,3YMd477-JkPvQ_95D7d3lw,4,"We were craving some BBQ, and hadn't been here in a while, so we decided to head over.  It wasn't overly crowded on a Sunday night, but it wasn't empty, either.  Hubby and I ordered the same thing, 2 meat combo (brisket and baby back ribs) with double grilled veggies--extra grilled.  For some reason, we both got the same thing, sometimes that happens.  

First, we got our cornbread, which is always so delicious.  They serve it with butter, but you don't really need it.  Our meals came quickly (we didn't order appetizers), so we dug right in.  The brisket, as usual, melted in my mouth.  It's probably one of the best places I've ever been for brisket, and that's saying something.  I always order it wherever we go.  Also, my husband is NOT a brisket eater, but he will order it here.  Now for the ribs, I need to let you know, I'm a sweet & savory BBQ fan, definitely not spicy.  I've had the ribs before, and they were always sweet and tender, plus they literally fall off the bone.  These were like they usually are, fall off the bone and tender.  But, there seemed to be a spicier rub on them, which was a little off-putting to me.  Even my husband mentioned it, and he doesn't mind a little heat.  Neither one of us remember them tasting that way.  I dipped them in the sweet BBQ sauce, and that seemed to cool the spice a bit, and I did eat them all, but I'm not sure I'd get them again.  And, lastly, the grilled veggies, which consist of green peppers, zucchini, squash, onion and mushrooms--wonderful!!  I love the charred grill taste, and I gently dip them in the sauce.  I really adore them!

We rarely get dessert, because we're so full.  We have taken some cobbler home before, but it's never quite the same as having it fresh from the kitchen.  Plus, they bring you each a fresh mini sugary doughnut with your bill.  These are the perfect finish to a very good BBQ meal.  They bring them to you in a bag, but to be honest, they've never made it out the door.

The only reason I'm giving this restaurant and meal 4 stars instead of 5, is because of the rub on the ribs.  Other than that, it was a perfect meal.",review,CEEIQq93JO8aSRx25wir9g,0,0,0
53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ,2010-12-30,7jNcO2ybXz2rZkHbQMKqmw,3,"It's an upscale casual restaurant with nice decor- 4 star, a quick meal before or after shopping. A quick meal means only if you get good sever plus quick service.

We went to have brunch on Sunday and it was pretty packed in there. After looked at their simple brunch menu, we decided to get Grilled Hanger Steak with Scrambled Eggs, and Cinnamon French Toast with Fruit Compote & Syrup($8.50). 

It wasn't too impressive, the food was just ok- 3 Star. I think you pay more for the ambiance than the dishes. The service was alright- 3 Star.

It felt like you are in the market with chit chat and bargain noise, which i thought it was kinda annoying.",review,kNoJOBs6yFuEE-HFkSLcww,0,0,0
-UnYs8XvV1M983xZoREdng,2012-10-03,n4ewVmhgYpgb1WjDxPP0_w,2,"A group of four of us went last night for the first time. I had purchased a Groupon, and was excited to check out a new winery. The service when we arrived was dismal. It took a tour leader from another group to flag someone's attention. We had reservations yet they acted surprised to see us. Given all this, if the wine had been great, we could have forgiven the service...it was not great. I don't expect the wine to be of Napa or Sonoma quality, but at least make up for it with your service.

Disappointing, and I'll stick to other local wine bars moving forward. I honestly can't believe this place has an average of 4 stars...",review,VxUqqs1r9fwaI_ga2-aulg,0,2,0
pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg,2009-07-03,s4NJKuyGmkRDs12W4vu5JQ,5,"It is sometimes difficult to start out busy and maintain great standards from the beginning.  The Parlor seems to be nailing it.  Hip yet comfortable decor.   Very creative design, and I loved he subtle yet present homage to the former tenant Salon de Venus.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a warm and sincere smile, and that same enthusiasm was felt by every single staff member we encountered.  
Ah the food!  Fresh ingredients, a great light pizza crust, and an original beet salad all  had us raving.   The only minor picky foody issue was the Nectarine Crustada for dessert was luke warm at best, would have liked a nice hot dish to melt that delicious ice cream.  

But why nit pic?  This place is a big hit, from the moment you walk past the fresh herb and vegetable garden,  to the fantastic staff and the  savory food, this place is already on my regular rotation.",review,UTt78HkUgvATBJxhXIPZJw,1,1,1
-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ,2011-11-21,1v4JIRAAGKa1bGFrbswn8g,5,"We were staying at the Claredon and the desk clerk (who is also from Yuma) told us that their restaurant was voted best Mex in Phoenix and she swore it was true so we had to try it.

The elote (roasted corn with cheese and smokey paprika) was fab, as was the ceviche! The carne asasda taco was tasty, as so many have already said. The real stars, however, were the pork belly and vegie tacos. I'll be dreaming about those til our next trip north.",review,_UhFmYeZOzi2GTFkSUuo8A,0,0,0
_CG5zJAoNN6gszjhSyUcww,2010-03-21,BC0G2sewKVi0ZYWly6O82g,5,"Everytime I think of Chodang my mouth waters. I love the spicy tofu soup they serve here along with their korean style dumplings. Their portions are just right. If you don't like spicy foods you can tell them to not make it spicy. I also love the condiments they serve before the meal. Love it!

I like their decor. The tables and walls really go together and you definitely feel like you're at an asian restaurant. Everything is neat and clean (even the bathrooms).",review,XYXA68TWwyHle2Y43zkD1g,1,2,1
zsWJEyP8YyJkux0muGtiVw,2012-03-13,PXiin-FrcnQ3MhAQRHsTZQ,4,"We had a restaurant.com coupon.  They also have happy hour specials on appetizers.  You cannot combine specials with the coupon.

We started with edamame and mussels.  I have never had mussels before, just oysters and clams.  The mussels were eff'in awesome.  They were not super chewy and the way they were seasoned and served, spicy and bold, was seriously amazing.

Three of us polished off three different rolls.  Spicy tuna crunch roll, over the top.  What the heck roll, another spicy roll that was seriously good as H€LL!  Screaming roll, spicy tempura style shrimp roll with a delicious crunch.  Spicy is the way to go with sushi rolls.

For dessert we went with mochi ice cream, served in four flavors: vanilla, strawberry, green tea and mango.  The green tea and mango were my favorites.

Such a good dinner, now if only they served alcohol.",review,gDl4dMYPpuuIaNAW_Bh3qQ,0,0,0
zhS1u1XtJV69nosLL6H7hg,2012-01-23,kf6FDes-WsH94rEIrSmgAQ,5,"I love this place! I've been here twice now and walked out with great finds both times. They have a large variety of clothes - work-appropriate & fun cocktail dresses, fabulous shoes, jewelry, casual skirts and shirts, and more. The employees are very friendly and helpful. 

Another reviewer mentioned $700 boots, but I haven't seen a single item priced over $100.  I actually got gifts for my cousins, 2 hair and jewelry items apiece, for under $20 per person (and in the same visit found a dress for less than $40 that got me half a dozen compliments at a holiday party that night!)",review,M3a0CsA85GvH8W5wwIptPg,0,0,0
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A,2008-11-22,UrANiXCSUMVLQ9CVzPdyYg,5,"After weeks of anticipation, Side Bar has finally opened.  As you ascend the staircase to the second level, the reason for the long wait becomes apparent.  The attention to detail is amazing.  Once layered with crumbling plaster, the walls were meticulously stripped to reveal the historic brickwork.  Other historic elements include the original steel casement windows that feature a view of downtown phoenix and the surrounding area. Tastefully integrated with these elements is a contemporary interior design.  The lighting consists of warm colors that set the stage for the laid back atmosphere.  No expense was spared when designing the bar and tables, which are made of dark exotic woods.  Seating included organically shaped bar stools that adjust to a comfortable height and depth.  There are also several u-shaped sofas that create conversational areas.  Behind the bar you'll see an array of artistically arranged circular openings backlit in a warm, yellow tone.  Thick glass shelving lines the back wall along with a fine assortment of liquors.  The ""soft opening"" menu included wines and locally brewed beers among others.  I tried a White Russian and my wife had a glass of Chardonnay.  Both were very good.  Prices seemed to be close to average for the area and when compared to the experience, were a good value.  I had a chance to speak to one of the owners who was glowing with excitement.  After two years of remodeling and working with the city and adjacent historic neighborhood, his vision has become reality.  In addition to a brief history of his endeavor, the owner informed me that additional overflow parking will be available adjacent to the main parking lot.  Parking was one concern originally voiced by the neighborhood and city.  The owners may also experiment with weekly art showings by local artists.  Maybe they can arrange for it to coincide with First Fridays.  Within walking distance of Side Bar, dining includes Pei Wei, My Florist, and Zoe's Kitchen.   
If you're looking for a unique hangout in an urban setting, then Side Bar comes highly recommended.",review,sCRy3cQgHEJQiCQJrvKkRg,0,0,0
NuFs1Sh5wUa7ZLISMtCMRA,2012-01-01,Pz6Eh5npDhSTeuX4uZqtQQ,5,Went to Cracker Barrel twice while vacationing at our home in Litchfield Park.  All the food we ordered were very good and the service was good also.  I highly recommend their pancakes.,review,6NOgM7NLos60OkWOmi6G-A,1,3,0
eGj1NnvbIUVWgDYQWEOwQg,2012-06-03,breTkAJpsdmO2YXCantl6A,4,"One of my favorite parks that I've been to! There are two areas, small and big. I have a small dog so I go into the little dog park. The running room in this area is much more limited than the big dog area, but that's ok - it seems to be enough room for the little ones. There is a water faucet to fill up water bowls and allow your dogs to cool off.

One of my favorite features are the trees! It's a mature park and the trees are gorgeous. They provide lots of shade and make for a relaxing soundtrack. 

This is one of the furthest parks from my house, but I always make the trek out there just to come here.",review,7o7MF9B9lxcWupE8jiLOaQ,0,0,0
3wLLf8wRqD1ZQowi9aZSoA,2012-08-31,D-Usa-jdowXyQFp0hkk2_g,5,"Grassroots is right around the corner and we drive by it every week on our usual Friday-Dinner-Out.  I always assumed it was more of a pub than a restaurant.  My wife and I arrived around 5:00pm and were seated immediately.  The waiter was super attentive and knew the menu and preparation of everything I asked about.  

We started with an AMAZING appetizer special of burrata* with ciabatta tips, their house spicy tomato jam and arugula with champagne vinaigrette.  It was described as a sort of an experimental combination of preparations from other dishes.  The burrata was silky smooth and spreads onto the ciabatta like softened cream cheese.  The play of flavors in this dish was excellent, we'd go back here just for this dish alone.

My wife ordered the lobster bisque as her entree, which was smooth and creamy with a good lobster flavor.  I suspect we could have asked for bread on the side, but it didn't come with it by default.

I ordered the short ribs with roasted asparagus and jalapeno cheddar grits.  The ribs were cooked just right, just a little pink and tender with a concentrated glaze of delicious sauce layered on top.  The sauce had a light smoky flavor with a fair amount of saltiness, and appeared to be a long simmered reduction with bold flavor. As others have mentioned, the jalapeno grits are very good, not spicy by any means but a little crunch from the jalapeno pieces, creamy and well prepared.  I strongly recommend the short ribs to anyone.

We splurged with dessert of key lime pie and a banana split.  The split included three large scoops of (what appeared to be) homemade ice cream and topped with caramelized pecans.  The key lime was tart and delicious.

The portion sizes were perfect and considering the careful preparation and unique flavors the price was appropriate.  It's a little more expensive that I would like to put Grassroots into our weekly rotation, but I look forward to visiting it again and sample more items off the menu when the budget allows.

* I didn't know what burrata was: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burrata",review,Esi0LF6paDqj7W0LcDX4AA,1,1,0
_Ne4sL68IW6lEXYvrnkt-w,2012-09-22,ftDiNM976ePkYb7ue5iBIw,5,"This is my love note:

Yours beers are so delicious, your food is absolutely scrumptious.  I wish I could spend forever and always with you.  If I could just never work and sit inside of you all day eating and drinking, why, I think I would be the happiest gal on this side of the Mississippi River.  You are great, don't change, and please, stay with me forever and always.

I love you to the moon and the stars Handlebar,

Katlan",review,MMTH5K-4i6-zcuasXA-gOQ,0,1,0
hnRqJND9awRC80aRwfQ1hg,2011-12-17,3ngnrNOkeUMT_QIsl5EjeQ,1,This location is now closed.,review,QGQVXiICewN5PQsd83-d7Q,0,0,0
_A4zWsLoLbjozEJYHLDx0Q,2012-10-14,zg0EScWTwmfrmsy2dWy1VQ,5,I stayed at the Motel right across the street from this restaurant when I stayed in Gila Bend. I had been driving all day through the hot desert and really wanted to kick back with a cold beer and some good food. Little Italy did not disappoint!! I got a large pizza that was AMAZING!! Plus the service was great too. Fast and friendly.,review,CifiiSoeEAX9KOKK-QHuhg,0,0,0
BPi1Q5wX0_o5VlO_XRyYuQ,2012-07-26,mA1km9oCjlzujylkarUfGw,5,Chef Bianco does it again! The homemade pasta is unreal. You can actually taste the freshness of all of the ingredients. The pasta is thick (like homemade pasta is supposed to be...) but not heavy at all. I also loved the casual vibe and the staff was very friendly and nice. You really feel like a guest sitting in the kitchen in a home somewhere in Italy.,review,5RA1yMlY9ZpK3DXsW3nEMw,0,1,0
xEg0-xrQywU5K-WQO7cy0w,2010-07-12,S1k-x_TQQ44qu9RNoDCtoA,4,"Indian food is often minimized by attempts to make it less exact and somehow more palatable by other cultures.  This is at the cost often of not allowing the original beauty of the cuisine to be savoured by all. In fact, my visit to the Indian Paradise was not without some sarcasm and pessimism on my part given that so many places in the area get it wrong when it comes to this genre.  
Boy, was I wrong!  Don't let the fascade of the place fool you.  When you enter, it takes a few seconds to smell the fact that you are going to have the genuine article here.  If you go at lunch time, you can experience the buffet.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was perfectly poised for a sunset dining experience.
ALL the food...from the nan to the lamb curry, to the tea, to the samosas to the califlower....EVERYTHING was really good.  But I have to also add that there was a certain family-like atmosphere created by the staff and the service was unassuming yet intuitive.  I found that I did not want to leave.  I just wanted to stay here and talk and snack a little.  That's kind of hard to achieve in a strip mall restaurant yet, this did not feel like that.
You should go for yourself and see if I was just way too nostalgic for good Indian or whether its really worth 4 stars.",review,2XCsVpAMsGUykrM-BBFEXA,1,3,0
MSnAOSajkFXLojJWgRjMCg,2008-01-14,VnJVvpEslSKtasBO-yf1fA,1,"Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct question?

Can someone please tell me just where the Hell I'm supposed to put my freakin' drink?

and worst of all ... my balls don't fit in this place.

*one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal lighter 
*minus the extra star for not having any matches",review,A_O8wZOsMTPwyeYA4-Rsow,3,2,2
muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw,2012-06-23,Cv-SscGrej3vp2oPmAH_aA,4,"I found this place whilst trying to find good mac and cheese places on yelp. I'll be honest, I love my wine and I love my cheese. Bonus points if its melted over mac.

And they do great mac and cheese. Some better than others- my favorite so far has actually been the spinach and pesto. If you want the chorizo, I say pass. The spinach or the bacon is much better. If you're into bleu cheese, the bleu cheese mac is VERY bleu. Take that for what it's worth. 

That's not all they do either. Their entrees are consistently great. My boyfriend got some scallops that were incredible, though I don't think it's on their menu now.

Their wines are great too. I'll be honest, I'm no connoisseur, but they had a moscato from Israel that the bf still drools over. It's enough that the next time I was there I picked up a whole bottle, just for him. I've also had one of their mojitos and that was great as well.

As a note- if you're in for happy hour and get a cheese plate... I really do think its better to splurge and get a regular cheese plate. I got a happy hour cheese plate, and it's... miniscule. All of the stuff that made their non happy hour cheese plate awesome was diminished. 1 cheese instead of 3. No boursin. Fewer crackers. Less of that fantastic orange blossom honey and apples. You get my drift. 

Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive, and it's always been nice and quiet when I went in.",review,hIb1ikbIMI0t1EK4gPsK_A,1,3,1
0b-zTb8lUrUAOTyGLuZ2KA,2010-01-30,hWNEVE9pBKqMahKDS813SA,4,"Sorry Jesse had such a bad experience here.  I have been using this place for about, well,  from the week they opened as it is so close to my office.

They have never lost or damaged any of my clothing, and I drop my wife's delicate stuff off here as well for dry cleaning.  They have also always been true to their word on when I can pick up my clothes - although I am usually days late on the pick-up (one benefit of being a clothes-horse I guess). 

Two doors down from Dunkin, so fantastic to drop and pick the rags and then grab a cup o'joe before hitting the office.  The women who work there aren't too hard on the eyes, either, which is always a plus.

Hard to believe they are still using a dot matrix printer, but that has no impact on service.",review,cUMxaIaeZovQTYBBxcQKzA,0,1,0
0yBs5wbVw9gTIDe9Z-rMTg,2012-01-18,OhfjN2nrJqOt6jeZUOCtsg,1,Out of business,review,OrkXYCH82NnidREHsGn4uQ,0,0,0
_gXpjRIjb5fv5f5IVGXvsw,2007-12-08,flEV79cjZ1igxMS1GHNc1g,1,"Ok Im giveing Del Taco one more chance....

I go in what is your best chicken Idem....

um Burrito or taco? he asks

Have you had the Burrito?

no....I haven't had ethier...

Have any one eaten anything here? I ask the rest of the resturant crew....they All shake there heads no....

ok so even if the food was discounted or free no one should ever eat del taco.....regardless I did eat a burrito.....

and my worst fears where confirmed....I could have dumpster dove at a taco bell and gotten better food......

Feed me bad food once, shame on you.....Feed me bad food 4 times Shame on ME....",review,1cR5-LZcSYcACxhGe3DEVA,1,1,1
kkLXf6hj9fj8_gTj-CCPBg,2012-02-17,Av85Kq3ZOkGQ8inxyBZojA,5,"I can't believe we get to review a free publication.  Nonetheless, it's important to know (especially for Dave B., who obviously didn't do his research) that this magazine is published by a gentleman who grew up here in the valley and wanted a way to promote all of the great, creative people and activities they are doing by making a free magazine.  He decided this 17 years ago, and, despite pretty much breaking even (it costs money to print and distribute thousands of magazines and no, the ads do not cover the full cost), continues doing so in the name of cultural awareness.  Notice that the photoshoots use local designers, local models, local photographers, and local locations.  The articles are about artwork currently displayed in local galleries, businesses (like restaurants) and bands that local folks have started on their own from meager means, and about up-and-coming events like the taco festival (started by a local), fashion shows (again, utilizing local designers and run by locals - no Dillard's show coverage here) and about people in the valley who are trying to make a difference in our community.  If the magazine doesn't seem critical enough, it's because the people who are the magazine decide what to write about, and therefore don't have to waste pages with hateful criticism when Java can be promoting a local chef or a cool new local jewelry designer.  When it's run by a local, written by locals, and put together in the publisher's dining room, I can't think of any magazine with MORE credibiilty and freedom.  The publisher and writers are meticulous in choosing to write about what moves them rather than what the latest hype is.  That's why you read a story about the man who purchased a building and was designing it into a venue before it was the Crescent Ballroom.  That's also why you'll read the backstory on five locally owned, little-known coffee houses at far ends of the valley.  The candid shots in the back are a tribute to local events the publisher attended but maybe an article hasn't been written about, or to local artists, designers or patrons of the arts.  While it's always interesting to hear what people think of Java, knowing what really goes on behind the scenes gives me nothing but respect for the handful of folks to who put their blood sweat and tears into creating this free publication each month.",review,Rz7qXI6Vu-fzuCViv7_veg,0,0,0
rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA,2012-11-08,7o_zGSWpWsiN8p6TX_v9EA,5,"This place was AMAZING!  I have stayed in probably over 100 hotels, this one was the BEST hotel I have ever been to... staff was extremely friendly, I WILL be back!",review,OR8LO7yYfZUSoC-sgGDF7Q,0,0,0
R7fAXkib9dnkYtFqOv1HDA,2012-01-04,x8V3YJ4p7eslFd57gUjJ6A,3,"-1*

Dropped in for my 3rd visit & still no menu board or the other offerings that made them different....no cupcake, boba, etc.  Tried the pistachio fro yo & it had an artificial after taste.  Guess I'm driving back to Yogurtland for now.",review,8_ztfjt9_RsKS-cQ9KlqKg,1,1,1
8qL697NwICTc_ac0-26Ycw,2011-12-27,ebycwAcOjpzl7J7hoQmf_A,1,"Overcrowded, sprawling mess of a mall (and I normally like malls). Traffic and parking are almost as bad as at Tempe Marketplace. The confusing layout makes it hard to find specific stores (even with the help of the directories).",review,LX3cTVaS8f2UF0Uuafsfug,0,0,1
L3BSpFvxcNf3T_teitgt6A,2011-03-04,iR1YKCN-siIlTcnA0IsSZQ,5,"Finally had a chance to watch a game here! Just moved to Surprise in July, and have been waiting for spring training. Very easy parking, and the seats are great! It does not matter where you sit. The diner have great food. I will be coming here a lot!",review,UCQNrwN4_hHHTWYa8cqe_Q,1,2,0
90AXjqb4O-wrTHDKDoDUzg,2008-10-30,Zv5GGJf1wJf6_MT_sN787w,2,"Lost 2 stars!  Sat in the restaurant for 15 minutes ... no waitress ... no water ... no nothing.  We left.

Sad part was there was people who left, then came back and got service before us.  The guy who came in after us got seated, hot tea and his order taken while we just sat and waited.  SERIOUSLY doubt we will be going back now.  If you have an hour or so to kill, you can wait for your food/service in there.",review,_jjIaczpcVDpHlH6l334rQ,1,1,0
nBrD6TxddhHx4FhMk32JvQ,2011-12-08,RN_kryNEXSVJlknpxb0ceA,4,"I have been going to Niro's for several years.  You can always count on them fulfilling your your order very quickly and with consistently good quality.

When I am in a hurry between meetings I can count on Niro's to deliver a better experience than I could get at a random fast food joint.

The gyros are good, the french fries are hot and crisp and the service is always friendly.",review,bswV-wIGU9Bw4mbxSPdykg,0,0,0
ZCE_ZHlZGpWPGICWpGNrdQ,2010-12-24,WeNhaODwNX1qmMXp5Y2bMg,4,"I've got to admit, fishing at the Water Ranch pond kind of makes me think of the Beverly Hillbillie's ""cement pond"".  But I really like it!  

The location is perfect; right at the intersection of Guadalupe & Greenfield.  Parking is no problem.  The walk from car to water is little more than a skip, hop and a jump.  Very easy for my elderly dad to take my son fishing.  

The fishing is easy too.  The pond is stocked with Trout, Bass, Catfish and Sunfish.  We've been catching nice trout (10-12 inches, Yum!) using nightcrawlers.  I'm keep hearing that white power bait works too.  Although the bottom of the pond seems to have several rocks, snags don't ever seem to be a problem.  Maybe best of all, the edge of the pond is a cement curbed sidewalk.  Like I said, Jethro Bodine would be right at home.  I suppose if you are gonna be an ""Urban Fisherman"" you might as well do it right!

Not much into fishing?  No problem.  There is a wonderful library with windows looking out over the pond.  There are paths for a nice walk.  There are birds everywhere.  There is even some kind of observatory (haven't checked it out yet, don't know the details).

All-in-all, this place is exactly what you'd want... and more.",review,nhysTbkA09SymSrCjdTaVw,0,1,0
v_aTapvcfKRL6O5au6Ru5Q,2010-02-11,7tV9hSVrmCesdDJ5oynL-Q,4,"Dropped in today for the first time...and can I say it's worth the drive?

No attitude. No c*nty saleswomen like that OTHER PLACE THAT SHALL NOT BE MENTIONED.

Cashier, sales people and customers were all so darn friendly and helpful I don't know what to say other than...YAY! I'll drive the 20 miles here to get my dog the food he needs.

Buh-bye local business pet store that's closer to me and sells the same brand of food I buy for my dog...I'm a fan of the BEAST!",review,EoTooNBcxu0Hy0-XeZI8aw,2,2,2
O4jXtRnS_R9SyM7ckMhFmg,2011-09-16,fvCPmju1BBWm9UcQh5Mu0A,3,"We stopped by and rode the train, which was a good history tour. We discovered the history of gold mining in the area and some of the local lore regarding the Superstition Mountains and the Lost Dutchman Gold Mine.  I would like to come back and spend more time exploring the restored ghost town.  The train ride was a bit expensive for what it was although I enjoyed the Hurry-Up Henry the conductor.",review,Y4Ix-FgsKRMu9xyOly9dXg,0,0,0
9Vu9KhK2-kBSM-FXvxXGNg,2012-06-11,zT_e1VGeFMHLLcJ9SkS6dQ,3,"I do love Chinese food, and for such a big city I find that Phoenix (or at least Scottsdale) lacks in options, either because they aren't the most welcoming of places, or simply because there aren't that many (compared to sushi restaurants for example. I've been to this location maybe 3 times since moving to Phoenix (8 years ago) and must say that I usually go because a friend as a ""Pei Wei"" craving. I found the food to be ok, but I'm typically one who doesn't like spicy food as I find it takes away instead of enhances the flavor. I wasn't too hungry and decided to take the chicken fried rice. I have to say that my favorite chicken fried rice is the one from Tottie's in Scottsdale that not only is delicious but always gives me left overs for lunch the next day. Portion was ok though the fried rice was a little sweet and the person I was dining with had the chicken lettuce wrap which wasn't too bad either. Service was disappointing as our food took about 10 minutes to come, but I must say the staff was helpful when I was asked where to get takeaway boxes as well as a takeaway cup. I'd give it 4 stars if after a handful of experiences I had Pei-Wei on my ""must have"" list but with Pita Jungle, Sack's , Subway, Rubio's, etc. nearby, the competition for ""fast casual"" is stiff and Pei Wei just doesn't cut it for me unless I really had a craving for Asian food that day.",review,1lSFhUewKa22FwhXuVgFdw,0,1,0
V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA,2010-03-01,v6qClAjOR2gnWTZZIsKyrQ,4,"Orange Table is one of my go-to spots in the valley.  The food and atmosphere are superb.  The wide assortment of beverages certainly strengthens OT's menu when pairing food and drink.

I will admit that while the location may seem hard to find, there are times where I've had to wait, and wait...but if you enjoy great food then it is worth the wait.

Their salads and burgers (especially the wine burger w/ cheese and red onion) are fantastic!",review,6svwwImg6nLwUc5DPp2L9Q,0,0,0
yQONzVpX-DEpGSuKMIov6A,2011-02-01,xmJXKHz6UtJ7K3wHLNmprQ,2,"I'll be honest--this place is good for Americans... but not good enough for Chinese people.  The waiters were sort of rude to us, despite our being able to speak their language.

Furthermore.. what kind of authentic Chinese restaurant serves dinner out of plates? Blasphemy! Our table to had to go out of our way to get bowls! I'm surprised they had chopsticks.

Otherwise, their mock  food was salty and pasty, perfect for Americans in search of a good Orange Chicken replacement.  Wait.. salty and pasty? It's supposed to be a (insert meat type) dish, consisting of subtle flavors and intense chili pepper action.

Neeext...",review,xcnGEs7YEVPFG1jBaWxoSA,0,0,0
Rfp9HX_RhdcMwiKA8Wfl4g,2010-03-11,cTBVg8mkrFYtwC3gX9_YOQ,5,Amanda was very helpful when we looking at the ferrits.....   A great pet store.,review,zLgkT2QxH8aauHzeLb44-g,0,0,0
Lvf3N3cfLAmOc5y8Eg8KDg,2009-10-11,sGEKFSmQMIwamJBWeaAejQ,4,"Great Korean Kalbi and other table top meats.
rest of the dishes wasn't that impressive .
Weekend could be really busy you might need to wait for a while to get your food.
but weekdays pretty slow.
If you like Korean BBQ, this is the best place in chandler ,gilbert area.",review,Z-fvuSqI5SSiZUksPJ_QiQ,1,1,0
Sv_lFIgh5CnfC31mY5Uo7A,2009-06-11,H_ffG8AhtGoca2jtuqKsvQ,4,"Margie's just opened about two months ago. I stumbled upon it while looking for the Eba Cafe. This little place is open Monday-Saturday, 5:30am to 2:30pm. It is a great stopping point for commuters looking to get a coffee or breakfast bagel pick-me-up, check some email (they've got FREE WIRELESS!) and head into or out of Tempe.

I ordered a simple coffee and the egg-and-cheese toasted on an everything bagel. Tasty and a truly satisfying treat without a ding to the wallet.

The place is very clean, soft comfy couches near bright windows, and Margie is just delightful. Great place to chat and concentrate away from the main throws of other well-worn coffee houses.

Expect to find me there often--mainly because I want to keep this coffee house close, alive and well!",review,qszN7-BCx_SrtbNclhubTA,2,4,1
H9wnP4BIctmRxMq43NPgAA,2011-08-06,axeQ0udNugsNbj0sktLvBw,1,"The bill was 150.00 and that was after a free appetizer coupon they sent me via email.  The food was no where near worth the HIGH price!  The service was not up to par either.  I really can't believe people pay such high prices for food that come with NO sides, etc.  I got iced tea to drink and it cost a whopping $6.00.  That's right folks....6.00 for a glass of tea.  What is that 100% profit/mark up?  I paid 12.00 for a soup sampler.  Each of the three soups were in a tiny espresso cup.  My salmon was no better than what I get at Texas roadhouse but it was three times the price.  I would definitely not recommended this place.  If you want a fancy, awesome meal go to Houston's!  The one thing that was great were the rolls (they were free too)!  Don't get me wrong the food is good but not worth the price tag!  You can get just as good food a lot of other places for a lot cheaper!",review,ddusn0qejUfNEUqSWCDU_Q,0,0,2
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw,2010-08-09,rO4l5SrmgRhWL71OvqrA8A,5,"Well thought-through details make Lux amazeballs. 

The espresso is good. Really good. Like, I need to order an espresso along with whatever else I'm ordering just because it is so delicious. 

The food is beautifully presented (little light on the gluten free snacks, but there's fruit, so no one is starving). 

There's plugs all over.

The furniture is mostly easy to wipe down.

The bathroom door has written out instructions so no one is confused on when the door is locked. It also has nice smelling soap. 

The patio is really pretty.

The clientele seems ridiculously cool. I kind of feel like maybe I'm going to be cooler by association if I hang out here. I'M GIVING IT A GO. Let me know how I'm doing.",review,N4878r3seZOjglSOSN4kuw,1,1,0
U605aUo9MJn5vgLfP3yYKg,2011-07-25,XqD6ZzhvmjN9keLcGarv5A,5,"The best Burgers in Town!!!!!  I have been hooked on their yummy burgers since the first bite.  I used to always drive by this place and notice that the parking lot was always packed........and no wonder, they are Wonderful!!!!!  Their custards are extremely yummy too :)  Worth the drive from North Scottsdale.  I haven't tried anything else off their menu besides the burgers, custard and fries.  Always tell myself that I will next time but when the time comes I just can't pass up my favs :)",review,12IhQ6toyh_sPs_o-6pkhg,0,1,0
09Kv1q51BlUyLznzNnL5Xw,2010-05-22,xrUOY2XtJZK7PA3dDUBdig,2,"Possibly the creepiest convenience store I have ever been to.  I mean, it's sandwiched between a strip mall and a giant dirt lot.",review,iKi-FUw5x7A220fVvEcNuw,0,0,2
trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw,2010-02-19,mrQ2HUaYLzarMPvHyWm0qg,4,"LOVE this place! I meet my husband here for lunch as often as I can. It is a bit pricey for being a fast food place but the food is so good. I always get the pita pizza and the pasta salad. Excellent place to eat. The decor is funky but the staff is usually really nice and again, the food is great!",review,QzA6ZW1NFid32_g_fsapIg,0,0,0
EmlgWjs1ZzZEpDjZCSPLmw,2012-11-26,MjAXkN1_QzChPe6GvbohlQ,5,"AMC Esplanade is by far the most successful navigator of the new ""Dinner and a Movie"" blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it).  No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also upgraded chairs, and a ton of delicious food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is hilarious sitting next to a $9 burger. Like ""Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are worth their weight in gold."")

Yes, it's more expensive than a regular ticket. Almost double for the nice seats. But trust me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will regret not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and delight in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as comfortable as watching a movie in your own home. 

This theater is so nice it even makes bad movies tolerable. I saw The Master here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a comfy recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I guarantee you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS.",review,YzNZNgpOy9tthDnczS_ajg,4,7,7
_CG5zJAoNN6gszjhSyUcww,2011-10-04,2BJn2bP6izov3oEKD4tLcA,3,"Went for lunch again with my wife and SIL yesterday.  Was pretty disappointed and they are losing a Star each of the last two times.  We ordered four entrees --  A combo Nam Yeung Noodle salad (I forgot the Korean name), Pork Tonkatsu, Seafood Tofu Soup, and a dinner portion of Kalbi.  We got there at 2:00 pm and we were immediately told that they plan to close at 2:30 pm even though their lunch hours are until 3:00 PM -- WTF??  So we ordered quickly.  Within a minute the tonkatsu order came out and it was cold; probably premade or something, and the meat used was very, very thin (again) so it was very dry.  The Seafood tofu soup and buckwheat noodle salad were OK.  The order of kalbi came out last, but not on a sizzling, cast iron plate, so the onions on the bottom were raw and not ""grilled and caramelized"".  

Don't know what is going on here, but each time we go, it seems that they are slowly going downhill.  So we have decided to look for another restaurant option for Korean food in our area.

Sorry for this seemingly negative update, but I want all yelpers to know of my opinions and observations.  We used to be big fans of this place.",review,fUs5XxOR82Hfrnyl4wi2QQ,0,0,0
3oZcTGb_oDHGwZFiP-7kxQ,2012-12-17,S5-8EwAv43DgAXBLl7rTuQ,4,"Ahi tacos, rib tacos and ribs are all good but a little overpriced. Service staff is always top-notch. Both the beer and wine lists are good, mixed and specialty drinks are nicely done.",review,N6q91wGo-JY1yo-fMycjGQ,1,1,1
5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg,2012-04-27,xafsPNDcoVfJxtYViEDHfg,4,"Similar to Joe's Farm grill we make sure this is one of our regularly yearly places to hit whenever we can. 

Piles of BBQ'd meat? Yes please 
Free birthday meal? Hell yeah
Homemade rootbeer? I'm moving in

We've had consistently great food and service every visit and to top it off on my birthday they gave my friend a free meal too because he was in the military. You can't beat that kind of hospitality",review,zZOuBvGMgUbmFJAoKABVSQ,0,1,0
YEQkTCmphjr6XKPh4m93AQ,2012-05-20,LoUkqJXndLVaKzt3qfCI2A,1,"One star for the most terrible service in recent memory.  Our server ""DK"" was outright rude and horrible, and outright ignored us when she wasn't making us uncomfortable.   As a former waitress of 14 years, I have the utmost respect, patience and tolerance for my former bretheren - but this woman needs to go.  BAD DK!  Otherwise, our Teppiniyaki (sp?) chef was wonderful, the food was delicious and fresh and a solid four stars.  I have been going to Kyoto since 1995 and it remains a fun and festive place with very reasonable prices.  Too bad it was ruined this time by DK!   DK needs a different job, more suited to her personallity, like euthanizing kittens or something.",review,PD9BRfQV0YUhS6i2c49PUQ,0,0,2
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A,2008-12-20,rlOi6C0JP0DQAC7yXhdHUA,4,"Sidebar is a trendy, hip down town bar located above Pei Wei and Starbucks.
The bar is small, the decor is modern with a retro feel (Urban Outfitters, maybe?), dark wood, curvy white bar stools, ambient music and muted lighting.
The beer and wine selection is good. A little pricey ($3 PBR, but at least they have it, and $5 Blue Moon), but not too bad. They have a good selection of spirits, too, Patron, Chopin Vodka, Booker's Bourbon, as well as the standard stuff, so there is definitely something for everyone.
The ""smoking patio"" is a stairwell that leads outside the building. So, needless to say, it can get a little ridiculous with people crammed on the stairs puffing away.
The place was cool. The crowd was definitely the hip and trendy crowd, but not too pretentious. 
After a second trip here on New Year's Eve, I am sold. The cover was only $5, the staff is/was friendly, warm and welcoming. They have great drink specials, not just the price but great creations.",review,CAlxnkAuqNetlUmWtCQ_eQ,3,3,2
fxgmP9FrYBC5ZysZTCbnEQ,2012-08-22,gAGh13s6WNXdZ3P9ETRgqA,4,"This studio is probably the best hot yoga studio I have been to. I went there several times a week for about a month over the summer and enjoyed it every time. I love the music they play and I love that the teachers are knowledgeable and motivational. I really got a great workout while going. The space is clean and even smells good....that's pretty awesome for a hot yoga studio. I like that they have wood floors...it makes me feel like they can keep it cleaner and it's easier to balance on. The reason why I knocked it to 4 stars is because it is simply unaffordable. I have a fairly good job, but I don't think I could afford to keep going. If this place was reasonably priced, it would definitely get 5 stars from me.",review,3gIfcQq5KxAegwCPXc83cQ,0,1,0
MXOdsPTLQPsQK9hUq01DWg,2011-11-06,3-QIcmZ7L6_qrwanbX4l4g,4,"Love, love, love this place!
Great atmosphere, great for large groups, casual and fun! Have been here a number of times, and have yet to be let down.
Order the sweet potato tater tots! Oh my goodness! Life changing!!!",review,bkR1tRtCi5ZG4qbdYM-LYg,1,0,1
ehy9Vy1BKc9shO74chuUAQ,2011-08-06,snNO0BU9_D___6dU972q3Q,1,"Entering the store is visually overwhelming. There were so many things take in, I thought I'd found my new grocery store. 
I wandered for a good 40 mins checking everything out.... 
After the ether wore I began to realize something. While the selection was wide, it look OLD. 
I raced to the fresh fish and noticed that even packed in ice their little fish eyeballs where cloudy and sunken into the sockets. 
I looked at the frozen section and found some fish that had a sell by date of 02/2010. There was other fish that was packed by the store  with no packed on or sell by dates. There was canned and boxed food past their expiration date. 
I checked out this place on the Maricopa County health department and they had their fare share of customer complaint driven inspections.",review,Snc090I2QOdJ2IhsDElbTA,0,2,0
qwmHm3s8p7J12AIY6Co8HQ,2012-07-02,6TI-dx9VI1szSx8Lsy9mNQ,4,"One of my favorite restaurants in the valley. I usually go for the turkey wrap or one of their pizzas. On this day we went for happy hour, which is daily after 9pm and tried several tapas and a 4 peaks beer. Everything was really good.",review,-kIvLyWpY17aRa0vPp-RmA,0,0,0
QzXFdjIbFRGhzL83goPPLA,2009-10-16,n9AURkoU7HWbvEJQT9ZSYg,3,"Good food when it's slow. Not so good when super busy. This is usually a great place to stop after watcning a show at the Harkins theater nearby. If the lot is full on a Friday or Sat night I would pass and go somewhere a little less overwhelmed. Although the service there has always been pretty good for us, the food is hit and miss.",review,NrRS56Dv52m2BND-9v1qWw,0,0,0
s1dex3Z3QoqiK7V-zXUgAw,2012-10-11,E7eSeswd7eu9wOFVJhhoUQ,5,"I have no idea why I haven't dined or noshed during happy hour at this place more often, I've always had great service, great wine, and great food. There is no adequate excuse , but anyway, my third adventure here made me update my review to 5 stars because 5th and Wine has earned it.

The wines by the glass range from $8 - $11 unless you come in before 6pm then they are only $5! Those prices alone should make you want to come here for drinks with friends. The servers have always been cool with offering samples if you can't make up your own mind between two wines despite the recommendation from the server and your friend saying ""just pick one!"". Due to this fact, I've always had a glass that I have enjoyed, which is usually a Zinfandel. 

I have now had the pleasure of experiencing all of their different types of bruschetta. My top two favorites are the Prosciutto, Mascarpone, Figs, and Tomato Jam which has a great combination of salty and sweet, and the Apples, Brie, and Fig Jam one which is on the sweeter side, but not overwhelming because the bread and the tart granny smith apple slices help balance out the flavor. The Chopped Salad is very light and refreshing option to accompany the brushcetta appetizer. 5th and Wine is also a restaurant so other food options are available, I have sampled the Chicken and Pesto Pasta which has a delicious cream sauce and their Mac & Cheese which is super rich with the two types of melted cheese, but both items are delicious.

The atmosphere is great whether you are sitting inside or outside. The lighting is soft, giving more of an intimate feel, yet this place still remains simple and casual, which I love. The outside patio is great, it is a courtyard that offers peeks into store windows while remaining private from the traffic of Old Town. The times I have been here it has never been super crowded and I am able to just walk in and be seated right away. 5th and Wine still feels like a hidden gem and you must try it out!",review,fl6oI21uXoxVMwfR6lFanQ,0,0,0
47A3pWsdYNhFFy9gUEVcYQ,2012-02-18,46zgBBMnbn1-pNQbbVfNoQ,5,"Haven't been to a Vietnamese restaurant since I left Colorado, almost three years ago. But for what it's worth, this is the best, most authentic Vietnamese cuisine I've had so far. =)",review,9bCDKM3_s4cYhR8Vzzk-hw,0,0,0
sbD4f8aOsXZ6PJYh1kN4Ag,2011-05-09,R1ld1p4VWdcXx_Yh5pPUhQ,4,"I like that we have a sports venue in the West Valley, I think that this place has tons of more potential but under the current recession it will take time to recover and get the growth we need all around this place.  I love that Cabelas is over here and 2 movie theaters nearby.  I enjoy the food options when we are in this area and sometimes drive out of my way to come here since Park West is also nearby on 101 & Northern.  We came here this weekend and the kids walked around with us and we enjoy all the fountains and the kid area where children can play in the water.",review,EP3cGJvYiuOwumerwADplg,1,3,0
W0eocyGliMbg8NScqERaiA,2011-02-21,IngN3er9lXFtVYKOh-CIBw,1,"Slow service, staff needs more training. There's like 4 managers and none of the know what they are doing, i don't think this place is going to make it. Sorry but you lost 4 very good patrons Saturday night because of your poor customer service",review,6RX-jDD9bhRsiiYvJg-p4w,0,3,0
45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ,2007-08-25,moYPmxM_pA8kqweoHZqE7A,4,"It's usually a ghost town at the downtown Phoenix bars, but when a game and/or concert is happening, suddenly the bars are bustling. Such was the case last night at Majerle's, former Phoenix Suns player Dan Marjerle's sports bar. With the Beyonce concert across the street at the arena AND a D-backs game at the ball park, Phoenix was a hoppin'.

My friend and I stopped into Majerle's, which I've been to a few times before, for dinner and drinks before going to see Beyonce. I had a cheeseburger and Cesar Salad. While I realize it's hard to mess up a Cesar Salad, my salad was seriously the best Cesar I've ever had. And my burger was packed with flavor. No wonder AOL  named them Best Burgers two years in a row. We also had a wonderful chocolate martini (with Vanilla Vodka, not creme based) here. And on Fridays if you're in the mood to really start the night, the bar offers a Corona or Pacifico with a shot of tequila for $7 as part of their Sizzlin' Friday special.

My only complaint was that our waitress suddenly went M.I.A for about 15 minutes when we were trying to close our tab so we could go to the show.  But I'm still going to cut them some slack because this is one of a few fun places to drink in the downtown area.

HOT TIP: A second Majerle's will be opening in Chandler in the fall.",review,nWouNfZD3Pw08RYizxkqcA,1,1,0
6YbF8_YCRDPXU0_iwh-sZA,2011-06-07,DaDG1NyD9YqCQLLLbXzJjg,4,So glad I decided to stop in today! Double stamp tuesday! Try the chai high! It is the perfect blend of tea and smoothie in one!!!!,review,-LZnto8cNbazcP-J1i1d2Q,0,1,0
Xq9tkiHhyN_aBFswFeGLvA,2012-10-08,fLAePHFG2fvBsz_tSAitAg,3,"Went here before the Jason Mraz concert and the Rock Shrimp appetizer, beers and cocktails were very good, however the service was a little slow. I ordered the angus cheeseburger and it came with a 1000 island dressing and pickles, a glorified Bigmac, what a disappointment.",review,tPNndYGOnX0nQ7OymY_B-Q,0,0,0
V9i9LnTg9H2XvzqCVBSOXg,2012-02-19,2-WBj2O4C3M8nf8NBunAfg,3,"Dropping down to three stars ... On a recent visit, I saw TWO roaches on the main floor of the restaurant. No one seemed to care, so I got up and stepped on one.  I pointed out the other, and one of the staff killed it, but they didn't seem surprised.  I know that roaches are hard to control, but having two of them wandering about in a busy restaurant just isn't a good thing. 

Also, our waiter was an overly chatty guy who seems to think we are interested in his voice.  They had some good staff in the past, but I suspect the owner, who likes to get drunk and hang out on the patio, gives me the impression of a guy who would be difficult to work for! 

The food is still decent and better than anything else I've found, but I'm looking for alternatives ...",review,gP-l_Gb8PWTsqupoKqsccQ,0,2,0
-yxfBYGB6SEqszmxJxd97A,2011-04-25,dcWNhMfe67XhUPeeBTzJFQ,5,"Had a fabulous time here with my husband celebrating my birthday last weekend. We both got ""The Farmer's Feast"" and it was truly amazing. I was not expecting that we would each get unique dishes so that let us sample even more of the food (though the hubby didn't really share too much). I highly recommend this option for anyone dining here. 

The antipasti was a great selection of cured meats and local cheeses. Next, I had a wonderful salad that was a great combination of sharp peppery flavors mixed with sweet. Strawberries, arugula, radishes, yum! For pasta course I got gnocchi with a rich and tasty cream sauce and my husband got ravioli stuffed with yam. His dish was amazing, I had to fight for a couple bites. For the fish course I had poached halibut that was served with some kind of really flavorful sauce and a vegetable puree so that whole thing was extremely delicious. The hubby got a very lightly seared tuna fillet. I was very surprised that he enjoyed it so much since he is usually not a raw fish kind of guy. For our main course I got a pork tenderloin and the hubby got braised beef... just lucky we each got our favorite meats. Each came with other vegetables and starches on the plate so they would have been an ample meal in and of themselves. For dessert, I got a goat cheese cheesecake that was truly amazing. One of the best deserts I have ever eaten. Very rich but the pieces were small enough so that it was not heavy. The dessert did not have too much sweetness so it went well with the ice wine it was served with which tasted like pure honey. Just fantastic. The hubby got bread pudding which we didn't much care for and it came with a sorbet that I didn't try. I got the wine pairings with the meal and every wine just complimented the dish it was served with so beautifully that I was really glad I added that option. Also, it ended up that you got a half glass (at least) with each course so I think it is a good value (the wine pairing was an extra $45.) 

I do agree with a couple of the reviewers who mentioned salt. There were a couple of dishes that had just a tad too much. However, I think that was not due to a mistake of the chef, I believe it is just because they use cured meats in a lot of their dishes. Another reviewer mentioned bad service but we did not experience that at all. Our server was extremely warm and friendly. She was very knowledgeable on the food and could answer any questions we had for her. She also took the time for each course to explain each dish and in my case the wine and why they went together. Only one time did my wine not come out at the same time with the food course and in that case our server apologized immediately. I do agree with some of the reviewers that the service is very slow... however, I believe that this is intentional. They have created a very cozy and comfortable environment and they want you to linger and enjoy yourself. With the Farmer's Feast in particular it took us almost 3 hours start to finish but I enjoyed every minute of it. It was nice to have time in between courses to sit and talk and relax. The spacing also kept us from feeling too full by the end (it is six courses after all!) or from letting the flavors from one dish influence the next. I was able to enjoy each course separately and independently with its own unique wine. It was pure food heaven. This is not the type of place where you would stop in for a meal before a show or event; when you come here, this should be your only destination for the night and it is such a great experience that it will be enough!  We truly had fantastic night here.

One warning I will say is for ladies, you need to be prepared for the rural atmosphere and the walk from the car to the restaurant would be challenging in heels (I had been warned so had wedges). In fact the dress code overall was a bit more casual than I was expecting. Kai at Wildhorse Pass resort is my absolute favorite ""special occasion"" restaurant and so we were making a lot of comparisons between the two. My husband made the comment that when we were at Kai we spoke in library whispers the whole time and felt a little awkward at times (you know the type of place where you feel like if you use the wrong fork you may end up getting kicked out) but at Quiessence we were chatting away the whole time and completely at ease. It is definitely a much more comfortable and relaxed environment then any other I have experienced at a restaurant of this caliber.",review,VPXgY9lGJF3XC4ZpusxNuA,0,2,1
nUIkqgFimmLsB50WXVwTfg,2011-04-10,KbVap2hs0EchcYIigRPy-A,5,Good service and good food! I ordered the burger sliders for lunch without the 1000 island dressing and loved them! A quick little meal for those on the go! The attendant even offered me a nice tall glass of ice water to go while I was waiting.,review,EaPbAu2q7Om6cXF9bqUG5Q,0,1,0
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2011-09-13,-4JCxtAV17hsXxxLxkSMHA,5,"I've been a regular here the past 3 years. Other than the wait being long, the five spot sandwhich and waffle make this place one of my favorite in the nation.",review,eWb3LTlYzRGrP4DiQjHXcA,0,0,0
8o-NLKy_XfbJtqljX9XLCA,2008-05-27,nOmXHUGjKNnEen3saS9XhA,3,"This place is so cool! The menus are on the walls in sharpie along with signatures from a lot of local athletes. They will not present a bill to you, but rather trust you to tell them what you ordered and pay the correct amount. The food is great, artery clogging, and comes in huge portions. I like the smothered chicken with yams and green beans, and order it every time. I always want to sleep off the rest of the day too. Saturday they do a great rib plate. Good spot for those working or living in the city.",review,JgDkCER12uiv4lbpmkZ9VA,1,2,0
z4KFTJQsAdxqMZA7Fx0A9A,2012-01-19,3CuvbAbPF9nWG7HNHIoCUA,2,Not long ago I went and got takeout - and everything tasted kind of fishy.,review,yTAwEOYH9-ReFv55s-vpwA,0,0,0
tr_Fr0RHF45P-IBYZrNELQ,2011-08-26,l8wmmuIQIzBPNutD6GblxA,5,"Barb at Tees and More does a great job.  They provided our company shirts and did a perfect job.  Fast service, great service and great people.",review,XDFrc8vbUCswgkooPUau2A,0,0,0
DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg,2011-07-03,Ennx8XBgPNaRghTyu6qn1g,3,"I don't eat a lot of pasta and I don't come here all the time.  However, I think the salad with pesto dressing and the garlic Mizithra (spaghetti with bacon, mushrooms, brown butter and cheese) are very good.  I have heard that the other stuff is good, too.  I have only been here for lunch, so I don't know what dinner is like. 

Sit in the trolley car -- you can ring the bell!

It is located conveniently off the light rail stop at Central and McDowell, near the Phoenix Main Library.",review,dn5lLgRj87xmJSF4BhHSIw,0,0,0
A4GZVV0M7qRokP1TC7jn4w,2011-02-22,O_JTNTRvny-XD-roqfDKiQ,3,"I stopped in on my lunch break.  The BBQ isn't bad for a fast food type of place.  I had the brisket on this particular visit.  The BBQ sauces weren't the best I've had.  If you are in the area and looking for BBQ, I recommend Pork on a Fork.",review,wE1NBJRLbkhFSWjfJbGEjQ,1,1,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2011-07-25,V27Lu3OfXGx0InVMeBjxcg,5,"Mid size American airport with very good organization, very straight forward, no hassle. 

Security is a little slow and priority lane isn't really priority, it's more of ""let's make fun of first class flyers getting pissed"" lane, so let's welcome first class flyers with big giggle!! 

Many stores and food quality is okay. Seating areas are limited, at least for the Terminal 3 before security, so be aware. 

Lots of volunteers working here to guide you to the right place, there may be more volunteers than passengers. Haha.",review,q0SIbZZ8hMFtVP9G6S5Dpw,0,0,0
TLnAS5Qx9Q2KK3mZi0Lyeg,2010-11-20,tJzaK6DryQnco5kCg9tn0g,5,"I did not know I could still be creative since it had been years since I had done anything that involves even a minor level of creativity.
But what fun was this!

A girl friend took initiative here to organize a kitchen tea on a recent Saturday afternoon. We were a table of 6 girl friends that were scheduled for some pottery making! 

My initial idea of this venue was admittedly a little different but better than expected in so many ways!

For one we did not have to get all that dirty. Not dirty at all really. Also not that I mind dirty. This is for those who wonder whether to go or not to go.

And two - we were able to bring along our own food and drinks which made for excellent responsibility sharing in the wining and dining arena.

Once we were set up with our party arrangements and have had some snacks and champagne we were inspired to start our artistic journey. The idea was to have each of the 6 friends make a dinner plate (or item of the bride to be's choice) which we will then give to her as a wedding present. I thought this idea was really original.

So the bride to be selected her dinner plates of choice after which we were briefed by a very friendly and sweet staff member as to the different effects that the paint will have once the plates were baked. All informed we went to select the different colors we needed for our different art works.

Everybody started painting and each one of us got really involved with their own creation. The event took us much longer than we anticipated but in such a good way. We finished about 4 hours after starting off but much enlightened by the activity.

Everybody agreed that we will have to go here again for the sheer enjoyment and good feeling of togetherness it promoted. I have not yet seen the end product as one of our friends went to pick up our designs - but we will presenting our collective gift to the bride to be soon :)

Go go here for a stimulating outing with good friends/family/kids!",review,uZG-IiG2fE7LSoEtlWp2Sw,0,0,0
wNUea3IXZWD63bbOQaOH-g,2012-06-21,qzWXH0BSp9MebctZmVF7XQ,5,"Stingray Sushi is where we go for sushi .

Sleek ,beautiful interior and very ,very clean ! This dining house has large 13 or so foot doors that when open ,seamlessly link the patio potion with the interior dining area ,a very good design flow,indeed. The patio itself is very comfortable as it has great seating .
The service has always been wonderful ,the sushi very fresh with beautiful presentation .We like to get the sushi boat , edamame ,and beef yakitori.The fire dragon rolls( though on the small side) are also yummy.

Drinks are very good here ..the sinful orchid (yum)a very pretty drink .And their HH is really good as well .",review,vtC_cpesIJZ3--W9J-UIXA,4,3,3
AryNioF9fxl8RYGiIE7fSA,2011-08-01,77rDWBjZ11-LTSi4ncHlsw,4,Sauce is a great Quick Serve place.  I had the Chix Caesar Salad it was large and filling and quite good.  The sangria is nice as well...I like the koolaid touch around the edge of the glass.  My man had the bruchetta caprese style and it was awesome...the tomatoes were perfectly ripe and the mozzarella was fresh and creamy.  The bread was a really crusty yet fluffy yet able to hold up to the mix piece of wonder...we found out they get it from LaBrea.  If you want a great quick lunch or dinner check it out...we look forward to trying the pizza and pasta next time!,review,PYtryNSk30ytqOc_36sLPw,3,4,1
iAYzRvyBrSkJDu_XZ-E1zQ,2012-10-21,O3C6XSdVwcc99Rxkn8SdAQ,1,"Waffle House was packed, Over heard another couple taking about ""Fast Eddies"", With a 20 min wait ahead of us we decided to try it out. Walked in looked like a senior center. Tables and chairs were very out dated. We sat down in a booth. Food was still on the table and the cushions were dirty. Waitress came over after 10 min and asked what we wanted to drink. 10 min later she brought out or coffee. Placed the order waited another 20 min to get the food. The diner wasn't busy at all. I don't know why the wait was so long. The food was ok, service was horrible. One thing that really grossed me out was the a/c return next to the office door. Look up and you will see probably years of dust that has collected. I showed the waitress and she really didn't care. I told her that if I would of saw that when I came in I would of just walked out. GROSS! Sorry Waffle House I will never betray you again.",review,QE6Bs0oeZj2RBULNqUvlUw,0,0,0
-3WVw1TNQbPBzaKCaQQ1AQ,2010-05-10,HiqoMER97hnLdKYeuaogAw,1,"This place has the oiliest food I've ever eaten in my life.  I had carry out one evening (two dishes) and the entrees were soaked in oil.  I had to rinse with water my eggplant dish three times just to eat it without feeling sick to my stomach.  I wish I could've washed the other dish too (but it wasn't one that could be washed--it was a wide-rice noodle dish).

Can definitely taste the MSG in these dishes too.

Really not sure what the fuss is about.",review,zn81QpflLDUaGZkCMUowCg,2,2,0
Vtx0VYkybAd71fzwgaoQ8g,2012-10-20,0sO2827rO4t7aW-9JXu3WA,4,"Monday... BIG screen football, volume up, don't come here Mon night if you don't want to be immersed in football. $5 burgers that are reg $10, combined that with happy hour deals 4-7 pm every day of delicious GOOD drafts for just a bit over $3 & all flatbreads & apps 1/2 price. At normal prices I would feel more 3-star. But if you know what you are getting into & come for deals, it is great for what it is.

Waiter was VERY knowledgeable of menu, helpful with suggestions.  

Atmosphere really is great with the dark wood ceilings to floors, big place but broken up with all sorts of nooks, interesting apothecary stuff Apollo over in cabinets, with Seattle Seahawks stuff thrown in.",review,ZzXsskFHBYlHigIC0mX9lg,0,0,0
OhPg5mP2v6CseLpIw7FlGg,2010-06-23,xc4ba_FseEUbSbRRoUdG6A,5,"If it's an emergency, they will generally see you asap.  When we used to live in Desert Ridge, we had 2 dogs, 2 cats, there were times when I needed a vet immediately, and generally they will accommodate you in such a demise.  They see you pretty efficiently, but of course they will suggest things that I feel are not merited to add onto a bill, but it's your right to question their additions and refuse, of course.  I've never found them to be arrogant or pushy, they will easily offer other options, or be ok with your decision.

During 1 extremely difficult period with our beloved Rottie/Sheppard Mix, they were very understanding to the emotional distress we were experiencing with regards to his advancing old age - he was 17.  They were happy to provided us with care during his aging.  Sadly, it came to a point that his quality of life was no longer conducive to allowing him to continue in the state he was, and it when it came to making the horrible and very sad decision to allow them to put him down, the entire staff were so understanding, caring, and totally sympathetic to our demise.  They allowed us to hold him, cradle him and pet him the whole time.  We were allowed as much time as we wanted before, during and after the whole life-altering circumstance.  They even sent us a sympathy card, signed by all the staff, after the terrible ordeal we went through.

During another trying experience we had to endure, our boxer mix was attacked by another dog and needed emergency care.  We were now closer, and under the care of the Tatum/Shea location, but they were unable to see us.  This location was able to open up their schedule to see us under this distressing circumstance.  They provided expert care and glad to say that he mended just fine, with no lasting ill-effects.",review,h7v_M_0-YVpSVZ2WD7FpAA,1,2,0
luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ,2011-01-05,QiibMU5XGoBo4VWKbpAodw,3,"I just don't think I'm much of a brewery gal. Granted, the beer here blows Four Peaks out of the water, but I'd much rather have a nice cocktail than chew though a specialty brew. But if beer is your poison of choice, they've got just about everything. The happy hour is kind of weak here though, with like a buck off all drafts. Thoroughly meh.

You can peruse the coolers and grab a cold one or choose from 20+ drafts they have on the menu. No Bud Light here though. Sorry frat chumps. They used to have a ton of wine here as well (like, ages ago) but it has since been narrowed down to just four choices, none of which were calling my name this last go round. Their Orange Blossom wheat beer was a bit like drinking an orange creamsicle in beer form. Almost like a cider with floral notes, a light finish and a super creamy mouthfeel. (Oh yeah, bitches. I just went there.) The perfect beer for the novice drinker to enjoy. Their IPA was also pretty decent, but was more bitter than I care for, although it stayed far away from feeling like I was drinking a bottle of grassy perfume. Solid.

I thought they had deals on happy hour food (again, like a buck off) but last time I went it was no dice. At least the food's reasonably priced. Tasty rueben, craptastic hummus, crispy quesadilla. 

The acoustics in this place are kind of shitty, so go on an off time when it won't be packed, or run the risk of smiling and nodding amicably while hearing every other snippet of convo. The high top tables are also really uncomfortable for shorties like me to sit at, but c'est la vie. My biggest peeve about this place is the gigando assy television against the wall. For a place this small, a big ass mofo tv is just  not the way to go.",review,tlSSQwfHYJany7wPoTH46A,0,3,1
tNdb_01AHU3O1_ISE2Mf1w,2009-07-27,4LoK_n7rVcU1oleZGPXF3w,4,"This restaurant is close to my office, so it is a regular stop for either a great Mexican breakfast or lunch. Never been dissapointed, nor have any of my co workers. Try the Huevos Rancheros or the Chiliquiles ( With the Green Sauce ), it is a favorite.",review,ZsqSDOeYGb-DinY6x3-YgQ,1,1,0
6Y-6Y6sy6qOQHrWI37zR1Q,2012-05-10,Xesu2P1w2NdIhmsgEtkeHw,3,"I've been there twice. Only a girl serve the table. If there are too many people,you have to wait for a long time. 
 We ordered the tofu soup. That was great. Others, just that taste. Not good not bad.",review,DTSbKTuy1Zc-SO3RpbjGOQ,0,1,0
zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA,2011-05-23,AAVhWT301YqbZQ-Oxp3NlA,3,"La Condesa is in a rather unassuming location in Phoenix.  But has a nice atmosphere when you get inside.  The first thing I noticed was their huge salsa bar.  We sat down and were brought menus and chips.  I tried most of their salsas.  They all had their own very unique flavor.  the peanut salsa was really interesting.  My favorite was their tomatillo salsa.  

I ordered the Oaxaca Mole taco and a carne asada taco.  The mole was excellent with great flavor.  The carne asada was bland and flavorless...huh?  I dumped salsa on the carne asada taco and when finished was rather disappointed in that particular offering.

Also ordered their calabacitas.  They were seasoned well and tasted great.  

I had a bite of my partner's pork taco and it was amazing.  

I am glad we found La Condesa and I will definitely visit again to try some more of their menu offerings.",review,R0ekUK-osGP9AoUtyrAEUw,0,1,0
qxLOhhbHYRCnJlZmqntdLw,2012-05-25,G3A65rnTkbaCQE3HfnKp5g,4,"This staff at this United Blood service is first rate. Always quick and effiiant. They are always staffed and ready to go when I arrive for my appointment. I've donated blood at this location 10+ times and have never had to wait. Of course, I can't encourage everyone enough to donate and donate often.",review,xAVu2pZ6nIvkdHh8vGs84Q,0,0,0
zofs5Ig8kgvtFyp3ySoSBA,2011-05-08,TQIOItBX3YcI2MvzJ04Jfw,5,"I am not a connoisseur of cupcakes so I don't have a ton of references to use on this review. That being said, I'm not really a big fan of cupcakes either. This place is family owned and operated. There's a wife and husband who run the place and the wife's sister works there also, which I thought was great. It is in the strip mall towards the western end of the shopping center.

I tried a variety of the flavors including the Reese With-a-spoon, and a chocolate, chocolate chip cupcake. Coworkers that I shared them with, who are cupcake aficionados, really enjoyed the lemon and red velvet versions. While slight pricey for a cupcake, (slightly north of $2 per cupcake) if you have a special occasion or just want a special treat these cupcakes are incredibly moist and delicious. They also do custom cakes and cake pops, though I can't speak to either of the latter two.",review,shkOSzUcN2hjIJpyufVS9w,1,1,1
oBVS96DtPGk9GU8zPx5Hjg,2009-07-09,qJK_2c5pvNlnIVWrJyUuUw,5,"So much food for so little money, and they have kids meals that the kids will actually eat.  If you do not like what they offer in the cafeteria you can get food downstairs like Pizza and hotdogs...what kid does not like Pizza or a hotdog?

I had the meatballs and mashed potatoes and they were so good.  I wish there was something bad to say about eating in a furniture store cafeteria, but there really is not - it was great food, great service and fun for the kids (there is a play area with a TV that they can eat at too (so the parents can enjoy their food too)

My wife had the herb chicken and it looked great too, and she said it was really tasty too.  She loved it.  The desserts were amazing too, and very filling --- SO MUCH FOOD for SO LITTLE THE MONEY!

I wish it was not so far away from Queen Creek, or I would hit it up so much more often!",review,UPtysDF6cUDUxq2KY-6Dcg,0,0,0
GwSdGrvaXi4BdXNSWKn-EA,2012-01-03,K2VH5I1ufm1Hw9jT0VJexA,4,It's not only a book store but also a community wherein a lot of readers meet. They also have a wide selection of used and unused books as well as novelty items so I get to do my shopping at the same time!,review,u4MQp3zX9RolLtNnp9FxoA,0,0,0
jJhNOhuGpIsJX5SEUFFWYQ,2011-04-27,raCtfWSWifX6KmuPGSu1yg,5,"Imagine for a minute that you're waiting in a really long line. No, it's not the line ride. You see a menu on the wall with your ordering options, but before you are anywhere near someone that could take your order, you're yelled at.

""Hey! What do you want?""

Don't be afraid, but don't be surprised either. Keep your cool and order your dogs. Immediately start thinking about if you want fries or rings (onion rings) and be prepared for when you're called upon again. Then watch as your hot dog is mutilated in front of your eyes and what appears on your tray is what looks like a hot mess of decapitated food.

Never fear though... because it is amazing. Well worth the wait and one of the best dogs you'll ever have. My favorites here are the white hot and the bratwurst. Whenever I know I'm going, I end up salivating like Pavlov's dog for hours.

The booths are classic hot dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the top of the walls are fantastic to look at. One started a whole conversation and research one day about a basketball team we knew nothing about.",review,7zDqr2I0-xpw9HF5Ha54cA,1,3,2
euSK0uPFinytVDR_UROMTA,2009-02-17,GNCjDt-_8C0cdKVJD00Q3w,4,"Oh good another Paradise Location for meeting up with friends after work. Clean neat and well manned , the worker bees seemed in real force, cleaning refilling and picking up plates. Nice to see. 
Food wasn't quite paradise but it was tasty and filling . I usually have the panini with chicken and artichoke but today went for a Chicken wrap.Tasted like a chicken wrap.  The peach decaf teas was refreshing and the mango tea was too. 
I love the casualness of the setting and the ease with which you can order at your leisure . If you are meeting people with different time constraints , this can be very helpful.",review,tdNV2Wb0LrFpm1Yfov_Klw,1,2,0
jzPMl-NoB5F2fwoHX3hN8A,2010-03-07,5lp7FVVwKZieGOClKlclqQ,1,"My husband and I heard great reviews about this restaurant and we decided to give them a shot. One word can describe this place GROSS!!! The food sounded great but then you took a bite and ewww disappointment. The salsa was lame, the chips stale. There were only two good things about this place the soda and the waitress was nice. Other than that don't waste your money GO TO ABUELO'S...it may be on the west side but it never disappoints.",review,TmEPymvZ2Q9QCSJi6Q63Cw,0,0,0
5-X03Zc0nN7U5eoe8uFUdw,2008-12-09,mJIV2UpS6jiW_nKi71cOIw,4,I remember this place being good the few times I went there. I had a chicken salad sandwich one time that was awesome. I miss it.,review,uVU1FyUPPVxzZ8jbye-rFA,0,0,0
aSW8D-uiz8mupVU8XNlZlw,2011-08-27,w-kcoFCZhFiIoM9GuOQ9yg,4,"oOoh been here once for dinner and about three times for lunch...it's really a great place for a quick and easy meal and it's not too fatty like other fast foods..and it's pretty cheap. 

I love their 3 piece dark meat rotisserie chicken that comes with a delicious cornbread (I'm usually not fond of cornbread) and two choices of sides. I've had the creamed spinach, corn, veggie mix, squash mix, roasted herb red potatoes and sweet yam which is my least favorite....the sweet yam casserole is just too sweet for my taste...so not a big fan of that one..other than that the other sides are pretty good. The meatloaf meal is also really good...two really good size slice of meatloaf also with a choice of two sides and a cornbread...2 bucks more expensive than the chicken but sometimes you want something besides chicken. heh

So for a quick easy cheap semi-healthy meal that does not consist of a hand full of grease (burgers, pizza, tacos of that sort..) then Boston Market is really a fantastic choice =)

Yummers!",review,Ek_t82OUnerdlO0D-GVcxA,1,1,0
nlFlIeziD-4nNUF2B337Yw,2011-10-18,KKLGZO2anwwzYy5SVf7E5A,5,"We stopped here on a Thursday night on a raving referral and they we not exaggerating - this place is fantastic!
We are always a little hesitant to try a new place when an omnivore suggests it, but as vegetarians, we found Sekong by Night so accommodating! They offered to convert nearly any dish on their menu into a vegan alternative, and it was delicious. The spring rolls are really big, and they swapped their fish dipping sauce for a vegan version. We had the Phnom Penh Noodle Soup with tofu & veggie broth (just like the Vietnamese pho!) and the Katheaw Cha rice noodles with tofu instead of beef - AMAZING. 
Service was top notch, and as many other reviewers noted their prices are unbelievably low for the quantity and quality of food that you get.
Looking forward to our next visit and trying more fantastic dishes!",review,tWM0SfyOhevQfhj2r15Rwg,0,0,0
IRxBQfA7FdHhzrPjtBxuuw,2011-10-17,GQIljxu_QXhIP4btPOcAug,3,"I ordered the Peanut Panang Chicken.... I rqstd to the waitress that I wanted extra Bell Pepper. When it came, it had -NO- Bell Peppers at all.... i actually didn't realize this until about 5 mins into eating it. could not find our waitress, I waited about 7 mins, finally, I had to get up & search for her. I found another waiter & told him my problem. He took my Dish, but then came back to tell me that they are ""All out of Green Bell Peppers. Would I like Red Bell Peppers"". I said yes, of course.  This whole experience has put a sour taste in my mouth about this place, which is next door to the 'mediocre' Good Egg on Central.   I like Wild Thaiger on Central MUCH better instead!",review,_p9EnnLQg6KDlIRU2fYEJA,0,0,0
PYqGWEWUH6x-BO-lIS2hPw,2009-05-25,UnGcmnPGMyPkBTD-0MECuQ,3,"For cheap pizza, it's as good as it gets. More selection than the other cheap pizza places, and the quality is way better.  The wings are delicious also, especially the Cajun flavor!!! If your looking for something like one of the big chains, then go there, but this is good for the money. If you want gourmet pizza, then go pay for it, don't look for it at the bargain places.  I paid $29 for an XL pizza with two toppings and 20 wings, and everyone was happy!  Just know that it's really fast pizza, but it's better than the other big guys!",review,C_uA1JTMe8QteqDEG0UjyA,0,0,0
e9nN4XxjdHj4qtKCOPq_vg,2012-09-12,2PGogS3a-skLtTzjgZ8ihg,5,"C'mon! Fresh sandwich lunch for $3? The place makes it to order, incredible variety of baguette style sandwiches. Cash only, but the have an ATM in the lobby with a low fee. Or is it no fee? Anyway, great coffee and drinks and teas. Line moves super fast. Number pickup system is funky. My family packs these things to take home on the plane!",review,-cms2ELbzY2rSyGCVcioUQ,0,0,0
wZwZcte4lcbu51NOzCjWbQ,2008-08-29,PYmsFrmxGeR4eCvFZheXDA,3,"It's true, there is a real bull and a slide. This place has been around forever, I think my parents used to go there back in the 70's. 

I can't say much about the food since I've only been here for happy hour, which was pretty decent. Their HH  included top shelf for 3 bucks and some cheap beers. They also have appetizers on the HH menu, sliders, quesadillas and potato skins, that sort of stuff.

Pretty nice view and going during happy hour you can see all the people sitting in traffic on the 10 and cheers them from the balcony.",review,9VPNlcKsL99FvKtz1r9qJg,2,2,1
ZAd2hniecnqH00t01ODQ3w,2011-04-18,7ZRo9le7JUjRXT_lSgre6Q,5,"I'm fairly new to the whole Costco experience. Now that we've bought a house it's time to buckle down and buy in bulk! As as new user I'd thought it would be helpful to post the following neat services Costco has to offer:

1. Great deals on contact lenses. Before I would buy my contacts from justlenses.com but through Costco I bought 8 boxes (a year's supply) and received $50 off! $25 off via instant rebate at the cashier and another $25 off via mail-in rebate which came in less than a month after the order.

2. PIZZA AND HOT DOGS. The take out pizza is huge and only 9.99 and the hot dog and coke pair is only 1.50. These make for a delicious and quick lunch. They also have smoothies and salads if you're looking for something on the ""lighter"" side.

3. Food expos come and go often. Recently I got a deal on a 10 pack of pita bread, a huge container of hummus and pita chips for 12 bucks. The company was from California and let customers try as many samples as they pleased.  It was well worth the money and super fresh!

4. And here's where I feel Costco has really benefited me. My fiance and I booked our honeymoon to Tahiti through Costo Travel! I'm big on comparing prices before making a big purchase and Costco was hands down the best price. It included seven nights, hotel and round-trip airfare all for one great deal. The customer service agent I spoke with was friendly and more than willing to answer my 500 questions about travel. I would recommend Costco Travel to anybody looking for reliable customer service and excellent travel/airfare packages.",review,gsyguOgT2Dnjw-OYw14XDw,0,2,0
RQWliUrWic_b5FZEj3JThQ,2012-12-05,8CMXkvJ__S0Fbkpq1RlFlw,4,Great food at a great price. Not the best Italian food but definitely a step up from all of the national chains. Also great lunch prices,review,a_V8LRfMxGvpGtTwR2olrg,0,0,0
gHKB66up5VluCWT4vuSZpw,2010-01-26,h4DCMEWyyhuuIXoDisEvhw,3,"This place was highly recommended by various websites, so I gave it a shot when I was in Scottsdale. The service was great and the food was good. 

We sat in the bar area which was lively. It feels like a neighborhood hangout, so everyone looked like they were friends and having a good time.",review,xfz_Bb4RIYH7N3luWqbyHQ,0,0,0
LzpR_jE6VIutJ08s2cdRrw,2011-07-15,kGHQ9_lmTz4uHEzEV1jN1Q,3,"Third time back.  This is my 9 year old daughter's favorite restaurant for special celebrations.  Maybe because the portions are sized for her.  

Just kidding.  Sort of.

Always good food.  Sometimes terrific.  But never consistently, hit the ball out of the park good.  

The bill creeps up on you.  We can't ever seem to walk out the door with less than $80-120 bill for 2-3.  

Last night, had the filet.  At maybe 5 ournces, bigger and more substantial than the last time, when I think I paid $32 for 2 ounces.  Seriously.

Last time the steak was perfect.  This time, they overcooked it, but I didn't have the heart to send it back.  So my wife ate it and enjoyed it, and I got her salmon.

Salmon was just okay.  BUT, the bed of rissoto, one of my favorite dishes, was delightfully rich and creamy.

Overall, it's not a terrible value.  And it's a cute little french restaurant.  COMPLETELY and totally not appropriate for small children, so don't even try.  Great date place.

Whatever you do, you MUST try two things:  

1) Onion Tart - it's just a slice and a side salad as an appetizer, but OH what a slice.

2) Berry Tart - the deserts are what makes this place go.  Save room.  

Remember this:

IF YOU GO TO A RESTAURANT WITH TART IN ITS NAME, AND DON'T ORDER A TART... well, what can I say.  Just don't do it.

Will be back, as I always have, and will promise to only feel slightly mugged next time I pay the bill.",review,jvwnIG5wEjdOsqkYJgN29A,0,2,1
CqKiF2X0_4erH02-CUiweQ,2011-02-15,SuTWGGmGzZC_fwoa9-YWMw,5,"PHENOMENAL place for Chinese cuisine. The portions are HUGE! My fiance and I always only order one thing and share it, and still always have leftovers. The menu prices are very reasonable. Including tip, we usually don't spend more than $15 for the both of us for dinner. They are very personable and attentive to your needs. I love that it is a very dainty, and has a very laid back atmosphere. The lemon chicken is our favorite!! :) They are also very kid friendly. We have an 18 month old son who always leaves a nice pile of rice on the floor every time we leave lol, but they love him! Highly recommend!",review,1NWEP3GpFxrADPXYYTiWLg,0,0,0
yMUVflS-2SnOGafXmdHy6w,2009-01-24,w8E_0tKsXCf6sREqI65kVA,5,"girlfriend and i always stop here on our treks to lee lee market.  If you haven't tried pho (pronounced fuh) , this is a great spot.  Basically its a beef soup thats a thousand times tastier than campbells.  its served with a plate of crisp and fresh veggies, like bean sprouts, jalapenos, basil, etc,  that you can throw in the soup.   i recommend using the spicy sauce that has roasted garlic in it instead of sriacha.   we also had the lemongrass beef salad which was equally good.  Everything is fresh and tasty with great service.  

make sure you take dobson for the easiest entrance as pho ao sen is facing west!",review,EpC7vMp0hg1wGBQ6fzzoQg,0,1,0
2CYIJPEd2SQ38khwuULvAw,2011-07-12,iTZCkFT1uXoGGUNBC2_IGw,1,"Nice facilities, nice AC, but two FATAL flaws:

1. Children running around yelling and screaming at all times.  This is a failure of the parents and, more importantly, of the staff who apparently REFUSE to enforce any kind of policies against noise whatsover.

To parents and staff: THIS IS A LIBRARY *NOT* A DAYCARE!!!!!


2.  The ""collection"" here is 90% DVDs and ""Dummies"" books with trashy novels thrown in for good measure.",review,ezxgXFeFA15ooTd1d_rdeQ,0,0,1
cAhn-O2kSI0BNPSCDKdNTQ,2009-08-20,auzbQeAujcH2EuuHDEY61g,2,"At first I was happy to find a dry cleaning shop that was on my route to/from work and had good prices.  The whole pay in advance thing and only accepting cash or debit card (with a 50 cent charge for debit) was a litte inconvenient, but that was OK.  The first few batches of items I brought in came out great, but then the quality started to go downhill.  I finally gave up on this place when 3 separate batches of items I brought in came back wrinkled, like they were not pressed completely.  Even the simple items like pencil skirts looked like they hadn't been touched at all.  Huh?  A low price is not really a bargain if I have to iron everything again myself once I get home.  Thanks but no thanks!",review,n9Zg0jlOGtxfIrvoPm6Hhw,2,2,1
KoIRdcIfh3XWxiCeV1BDmA,2010-10-17,MFEGc4-SXd5ipDyT8hg7bw,3,"3 Stars only because the house margarita and guacamole was so good.  The food was decent (fish tacos), however the patio atmosphere was a bit sad. I understand this is more of a bar than a fine dining restaurant but the patio tables had no place settings, condiments, etc... Just cheap metal tables and chairs. Also - there was no music out there, just this incessant humming of a back alley generator.  

The service was a bit sporadic out on the patio as well. We were asked by three different servers if we have a server yet. Not much in the way of organization. 

Maybe management just hasn't gotten around to fully organizing and furnishing the patio yet. I hope they do, because they are in a great location and the food and drinks give them lots of potential.",review,omGocLsyIYeiHPviDOAa3w,1,1,1
T4XMgqYiEsALBW_st6diUg,2009-05-21,5laPcPl6WaKfj0PXM8WZHw,5,"I was hoping to be the first to review Grayhawk Family Chiropractic, but I'm glad to see Heather feels the same way I do about them.

Dr. Frank Sorrentino is a true professional. I've suffered from low back issues for years and Dr. Frank always knows how to treat the problem. Between regular visits and the website they set you up with to demonstrate stretches tailored to your condition I'm glad to report I've been in good shape for a while.

Whether you have an ongoing issue or have just injured yourself Grayhawk Family Chiropractic is the place to go.",review,Sa64rQmghfE9i17_dRIDyw,0,2,0
is-olmqaSZ0KCoe-_ftW5w,2011-03-21,_0Y6QAT1dBOVmYOXIoVpKw,4,"Tough to rank this place...   it is a retirement community first off.   The club house is awesome.   Pool is salt water and heated.   Courses are nice, little bit of a challenge but basically flat.   The putt putt course is very challenging and really cool.    I'm not impressed at all with the club food and suggest staying away from the roast beef.   It seemed fake.",review,LZZNgNIuA2W4mn-5LLH24g,0,0,0
ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw,2011-06-13,wWAlAO4zG_EdzyDmjVlGXw,4,"Now accepts plastic!  Now accepts plastic!  Did you hear me?  Harvey's now accepts plastic!

I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now.  I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon.  Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago.  

While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me.  I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted.  Sad, really.  The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there.  During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay.  But evenings are when the freaks come out.  And I don't mean the freaks like me.  I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones.  There's a difference!

Well, enter the new roommate.  He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go.  I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour.  Maybe I was tired.  Maybe I needed a change of pace.  Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.

YAY!  According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name.  her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year.  It shows!  

Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar!  Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu.  She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ!

June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else.  I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat.  (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!).  The pour is solid and consistent  Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks?  For $2!!
Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us.  Under $14!!  Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home!

And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons.  Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand.  And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of ""rodeo"" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!
Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname.
Apparently, I am a ""prick ass bitch.""  I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride!

Oh, yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT.",review,45V7-1r79DEG0HbuaKYIlg,2,3,5
VfzUmXIgowYKutptfwR7Aw,2012-06-16,mGHKnvoyK-eF_WzhT3QOSw,4,"Lacking a clean or acceptable Chinese restaurant in Casa Grande, I discovered this jewel while showing homes in Anthem. Menu has many choices and restaurant is clean with attractive decor. The dishes I have chosen so far have been excellent with nice portions. Service is friendly and efficient. Well worth the drive from anywhere in Pinal County!!!",review,CgfIRB7t_7a8l_MlrUuX6A,0,0,0
jf4RUa9EQO37hqxRCxbEXQ,2012-03-26,Aqv8nmSkIgc3C2aCfdKcFA,3,"Saigon Nites is one of the few Pho joints on the North side of town.

I ordered me a bowl of Pho as usual, but I think the waitress made sure I knew what I was ordering, so she repeated and asked ""Beef Noodle Soup"" ... Yes, ""Beef Noodle Soup"".  I forgot I'm in N. Scottsdale where culture can be lacking at times.  I'll have me a bowl of Asian man soupy stuff and some noodles - wink! I also ordered some ice coffee with condensed milk - can't have Pho without one of these drinks. 

Overall, the Pho is okay. I'm somewhat of a Pho Nazi and this didn't really past the test.  My ice coffee was excellent - Why?  It was served just right!  Not too strong and not too lite.  I'm really used to having it strong and simmering it off with some water to weaken it.  Not today my friends!  

Service and ambience is okay.  I really enjoy the Vietnamese art here especially the portraits of the Ao Dai...Girls in Ao Dai - oh my! - Enjoy!",review,XqMkm-DD9VsdcKx2YVGhSA,0,2,0
3HciJAVduCRoPDdzgh7cAA,2012-01-03,zhfp4kaBwDLFPtiCiTG2ZA,4,"I like Buffalo. They always buy my stuff, and I like looking around at what they have. 
 
I think the reason a lot of people don't like this place is because they try to sell ugly nasty shit that no one wants to wear. It's a recession, so, you're not going to get top dollar for your J Crew tee shirts that you bought 4 years ago that have pit stains and are hideous. Duh.",review,fYayRBmQjB8f5eyH1WR-1w,0,1,1
-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ,2011-11-05,EjGiSg2TkOFHV_TOpseqDg,5,"This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was delicious and I am eager to go back. The most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really appreciate (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes. 

We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my favorite part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.

This is a fun way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba.",review,sPEFql7fLp0oouFxnooGpQ,1,3,0
El_0LAdJ1R0-nL_lHzBT-g,2009-02-05,jPZphpCBUZobuzNzLQY4Sg,5,"This is hands down the best place for bagels...
but more importantly... after all my travels it has the BEST Bialy ever.
I just wish they would open on in Greenville.
Oh it is soooo good, a poppy seed bialy toasted with cream cheese...
I guess I can only hope they are always open when I visit Scottsdale...
.n",review,RT6qe2ZAANWsBBZLhbTxKw,1,2,0
gqLWBFxOKag8dXwVxEvTrg,2012-05-03,glBPsp_i7ylnKHkxz_CWVg,3,"Hmm...this place has a good lunch happy hour, but the choices in the menu are kindof limited.  The food isn't bad, but it's not amazing.  So, three stars for being average i guess?

I do come back every so often so I guess it's a plus.",review,y5vDLDoA5Khmzh285yNUQw,0,1,0
1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw,2012-04-06,cmP4uWEXq4yPcOQEFWIByQ,4,"Great food, great atmosphere.  Look for the grafetti out back.  Not ""Mexican food,"" but Mexico City cuisine.",review,3PHlBza2z6FV29vvUGZV6g,0,0,1
shUiQtVZpk_YCUmMYJZf-g,2007-10-05,vmlDLL8TwdLP3YwxHj6F4A,4,"Union is a nice cozy place set on the fringe of Old Town Scottsdale.  The inside has a nice homey feel with booths that have extra throw pillows (love that) and soft lighting and desert scape paintings.  A big drawback is that while half of the seats face the lovely paintings the other half face the kitchen.  

The wine flights are good but the pours are inconsistent and not as hearty as in some places.  The bulk of their wine menu comes in bottle form.  They do offer 8 oz pours of wine for about $15 a glass.  Be careful when you order, as we were given 8oz pours and had no idea we were getting them.  

The food was quite good, they actually had real grilled focaccia and this garlic cream butter that was delicious.  Its tapas style and we ordered three and it was more than enough for the two of us. All of the tapas we ordered were well prepared. We also ordered dessert which was very mediocre.  

I would come back again but probably for a happy hour.  As far as food goes it wasn't my favorite at a wine bar.  They do have a patio out front that looks like it would be very cozy on a cool evening.",review,qASPib1Z8ft8e96dtbh66w,0,2,0
pa6K7DGByxBXxcVJ59nWMw,2011-07-03,ujWd0VmmyuMkseB4k0u0Gw,2,"We went to ""THE PLACE"" for breakfast/lunch today. It must be a popular spot and was very busy. There were 2 specials of the day, Eggs Benedict and a French Toast stack. Both came with a choice of potatoes.
I went here based on the reviews from fellow Yelpers. 
My daughter ordered the burger, it came with fries AND salad for under 7.00. The burger was very well done, but it was 1/2 lb of ground beef. The fixings were on the side and it arrived on an unremarkable hamburger bun. The fries were crisp and the salad was fine but it was DRENCHED in a watered down thousand island dressing.
My eggs benedict was fine. Nothing to make me want to order it again, but not bad either. I would try their pancakes next time. They looked pretty good!
My husband's french toast stack arrived. 3 pieces of french toast with ham,egg and swiss cheese between the layers. Kinda like a Monte Cristo sandwich. They bring out warm maple and berry syrup. My husband liked it. But, said he would try something else next time.
I ordered my hashbrowns extra crispy, my husband ordered his ""burnt"", his order came out exactly how i wanted mine. Crispy dark golden and cooked well. Bummer I had to just eat the top of mine. We also wanted to try the biscuits and gravy. What a big let down. Quantity does not equal quality. The biscuits were large, and the gravy bland. Our service was ok. The people working there seem nice enough. They were giving out free THE PLACE frisbees.
They will be closing 7/21 and will re open 8/1 at the new location right up the street at 51st ave and Bell rd, in the old 3 Margaritas building.
Hopefully I will be able to update this one day and give a better rating.
 But for now, I will stick to Ronnie's Cafe on Cactus rd. as my go to breakfast joint.",review,qlbiTIcn1-hDeHhEF1PLyg,0,0,0
ncxBZxetREZ_jCma0c7mHA,2011-05-14,18bXhCOgwf_-TnvRSr8zWA,1,"The wash ain't bad....but the process to get it done is pathetic.  The ticket writers at the entrance move in slow motion. They try to upsell at every opportunity.  Four cars backed up waiting to order their service...and the crew is standing around with no cars going thru.
I'd rather drive my car dirty then endure the agony of incompetent management.",review,OoyMyBD0a-QmEJrFzw78Fw,0,1,0
MHy50GRrcXxMORpF_-kNCA,2012-09-27,jbEge4WZdQLOGuuO9mSTaw,4,"Somebody please tell me why QT is the best gas station/convenience store ever?

The layout is the same for every one. The bathrooms are always less gross than other convenience stores. The service is always phenom. Gas is usually relatively cheaper than other stations in the area. Plus its like a one stop shop for emergency ""got to have it now""s like snickers and chicharones and energy drinks and milk and wipies right? Hahaha!

I don't know. My yelp told me to write a review... =D",review,k2u1F6spBGhgk2JtAe97QA,0,1,0
gqLWBFxOKag8dXwVxEvTrg,2009-01-11,iNH54kIw3a0CpXV9n-jpFQ,4,"Sakana is one of the few sushi places that I return to. There is usually always a wait (no reservations, which is a PITA), but the sushi is fresh, service is quick (so it's not always super friendly), and the calamari salad is SO effin good. Their lunch specials remind me of something I'd find in So. CA-- tasty, filling and reasonably priced. It's lively on the weekends with several tables doing sake bombs so it's a fun place to celebrate birthdays.",review,Q5dlLCEni_my05az9wIptg,0,0,0
QMIR_VeLPSOp-d730i5mJA,2012-03-31,PlzOnJG_MrVvO6kCPVPl8A,5,"I am very happy to say that Angela's truffles are taking off here in Cottonwood. I hope I am allowed to say I am a proud purveyor. When they arrived I was impressed by their design and further blown away by the flavor. (Tears in my eyes...) My darling, have no fear, there are people up here who understand flavor, quality and most importantly: Great Chocolate! My beautiful patrons have latched onto these delectable wonders and I am happy to say The Cocoa Palette will always have a place in Northern AZ Wine Country with Bonne Lait! Bravo mon ami!",review,ujDoMIAlFDAP14ebf5Xczw,0,0,0
IM-9thHqQbBK5tX5MfTzBQ,2012-02-08,AfvArcoRrCIju2GGiItIJQ,1,"I guess this is an east coast/midwest thing because I really don't get it. I'm not a picky eater and I HATE wasting food and money, but I could not finish my plate. I ordered french toast and I was not aware that my french toast was going to be deep fried. Seriously, when I put my fork through it, a piece of fried toast hit me in the eye. My husband was also not impressed with his food. If someone would like to suggest something delicious on the menu that I should try, please let me know because I currently want to vomit every time I see a Chompie's.",review,XXVfsLunIiz3xDeK17aHFQ,0,4,1
YTJCfo47UHkGVgIsjPRRaw,2011-03-31,X4oFiD03-HIhZsu-aKUSQQ,5,I had a mani/pedi and they did a wonderful job every time I visit.. The place is clean and the specialists are very nice..,review,FSbzWWUImH15i7eLbN_NIA,0,1,0
h7hr0v3E1ulU2sXNItD5UQ,2011-12-16,GskYdaShicrZ_1dzsH1kog,1,Shocked this place has 4 stars. First off you can always tell if a Mexican food place is good based on the beans and the salsa. Well guess what both suck! Eat at el molino's and you will never come here again!,review,nGvxLe5jdJGbxTYt9XjScw,1,0,0
E0f8jFeNaL8ARG-vq3apVA,2011-06-13,o12QHoZXFitUgTOXqZLjjA,4,"I love that the airport has a place with fresh, healthy, customizable food! Paradise Bakery has a salad bar (how often have you seen an airport with a salad bar?!), and though they don't have the hugest selection of toppings there are a good number of interesting options beyond just tomato/cucumber/carrots. The bakery section has a lot of tempting treats and a good standard selection of sandwiches.",review,IkC2BKzADqgPlvaac5gRHg,0,0,0
3XG4-xRNCHPQs2sAYa66pw,2010-05-14,q8vdAmKI2h1eOtoWGYkz7A,2,"I'm torn with Cream. I've been to the usual clubs and lounges in Scottsdale enough to be sick of them, and Cream was something new. I like that Cream is emulating Vegas-style nightclubs, but it's obviously trying too hard.

The decor:

First of all, this place is PAINFULLY tiny. I've only been here once, and while it was half full, so it wasn't completely unbearable. But I can't imagine what it must be like when they have guest DJs and other performers in. A tiny place that's packed isn't popular. It's just... small.

The walls are covered in white (leather?), the tiles are white, everything is white - I get it, white like Cream? I appreciate the commitment to the color but the theme is waaay off. The hard surfaces make the place look cold and very hospital like - I would have liked to see more smooth lines and softness in the design, more flowy like cream.

The atmosphere:

The dig the loud music and the techno. I get so sick of hearing the same stupid songs on the radio. I love the change in scene. Phoenix/Scottsdale is so stale in terms of music. This is a nice change. But it's too loud when you can't even put an order in for your drink. I literally had to pull myself onto the bar (I'm tiny, 5'3"") so I could give my order directly into the bartender's ear.

They also had a really cool entertainment act - a girl hung from a hoop suspended from the ceiling wearing a white bikini. She was clearly talented in her hoop manipulating and was mesmerizing to watch, but like I said, this place is TINY, and there were several instances in which she was inches away from kicking people in the face. And THAT would have been worth the ridiculous cover I didn't pay (I try to find any way not to.)

The drinks: 

Overpriced and terrible. Maybe the bartender THOUGHT she heard me say I wanted a glass of vodka piss, because that's what it tasted like.

I doubt there will be any improvements made that will make me like Cream better, but here's hoping.",review,-eIsz3-MIQT6ueiM4MusHg,0,2,2
HDvCnqIf5twbMb5-eG1EJw,2012-09-12,qSMaUcXdTV_RuxRnba-K7w,2,"Extremely slow service, hostess and manager were both rude. I noticed that 2 tables that sat after we did got served first. 

4 out of every 10 people that walked in, walked right back out once they saw the line. 

We waited 35 minutes for a table. This was my first and last time at this over priced Denny's",review,7aMUGpEAhstdk4ZuH7qOWA,0,1,0
nn7Q8EAysCr3D9PEqZEgkg,2009-08-05,2s7Nk4IMOqlfR-ZTg5FVHA,4,"BEST FRY'S YET

Feelin' a little blue, need a doc? No big deal, stop on by...
Forgot to cash in your last paycheck? Pshh, Bank of America ATM AND bank up in this joint
Crammin' for the next exam? Get your coffee fix on your way out

Food, deli, bakery, flowers, home furnishings, school supplies, I don't know where it ends...

All I need is a bed and I could live here...

Oh wait, they sell them here too.

And all this time I thought they just fixed computers and sold TVs",review,LcWp2WChE9HpqdMEM8D2VQ,2,2,2
l5oUrgQ190l8CcN8uzd_pA,2010-07-31,-OfjUL0XavsDwNkaLwKNSA,3,"I stayed here in March'10 and thought the place was alright, nothing to rave about but here was my experience:
PROS:
1.  Location was good for what I was there for (work)
2.  The nightly rates were really cheap (this had to do with my company more than the establishment though)
3.  Easy enough drive to/from the airport
4.  You can almost bypass Phoenix altogether getting to Scottsdale.
5.  Their was plenty of shopping places about a mile and a half up the road (think Best Buy, Target, McDonalds, etc...)
6.  A pretty happening restaurant/bar up the street that gets two thumbs-up
7.  The rooms were actually really spacious and nice...it was like having a luxury one bedroom apartment scaled down for size (full kitchen, massive bathroom, den seating area & king size bed in a comfortably sized room).
8.  Hot tub was rockin' & nobody gave us a hard time about having glass bottles out there.
CONS:
1.  Once I checked in, I had to lug a ton of stuff over to a room in the one of the back buildings and I couldn't see my rental car (maybe I'm weird...but I like to have my car close by)
2.  I unpacked and got situated to find that the internet in my room wasn't working (Must have!), called the front office and they had to move me to an entirely different room (mind you I just unpacked...AGH!)
3.  I ate dinner a couple times with co-workers in their lounge, & while it was good...it wasn't great, so we all ate at the restaurant/bar up the street the rest of the time.
4.  Be aware, you stand a decent chance of see spiders looming around...so you have been warned, but otherwise it's real clean.

I'd stay here again pending that I got the same room rates that I did last time, but it's my understanding having talked to the girls at the front desk that we got booked at unusually low rates.

***Don't get sucked into any of that ""time-share"" crap...they don't push it like some other places I've been...but it's NEVER a good investment***",review,0KuR8Sy6NKE46MZf4O6MBA,0,1,0
xdwPHc25l7_roZ9Kfea13w,2008-05-20,KEYyIpt2maY84dDfK4Qx8g,4,"Not much to say about Lola's. Its cute. Its quaint. And the food it utterly delish and authentic. Oh, but bring a sweater....they  usually have the air on ""Polar Bear""! 
The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 is b/c of  the freezing temp and the community seating. Doesn't bother me....well, maybe just a little. Can be a bit noisy and bad for private conversation.

Bon Appetite!",review,4IxLt4QvCsJEdaNvH9QApw,0,1,0
UKgSs_SJzW9fu4CwhIV1yA,2007-09-22,IQECTxd6Xeh48-fQzRD5fQ,3,"Firesky Resort is a marvelous place to unwind and enjoy the warm dry evening air and fire-lit torches.  Whenever I have the opportunity to stay in the Kimpton Hotel Group's locations, I always know I've made the right choice.  The hotel was beautiful, hip and inviting.  

I gave them three stars because the rooms were a nice, but not fabulous, the amenities of L'occitane products definitely helped.  The restaurant Taggio was fine, wasn't spectacular and definitely was the part of the hotel which was least memorable.  

The staff was friendly and helpful.  I'd stay here again, but with the expectation of enjoying the wonderful pool/cabana area and leaving the resort for dinner.  Scottsdale has so much to offer, what was I thinking....",review,-ONVaeQC7HOPD2FicuDNng,2,1,1
6fR4ncWEfdMLk9AacDsRzQ,2011-10-25,qek2cMLdOgShpXhSNdXq6g,5,"Well, it's fresh, and it's easy.  Perfect words to describe this cute, clean little store!  This was my fave F&E in Phoenix because it was a mere block and a half from my place.  I STILL miss it, and I moved away from Phx over a year ago!  I popped in here several times a week to pick up staples, (it was always an adventure to see which prices had been marked down-- they even have a section in cold foods where they mark older stuff way down).  I appreciated their little bundles of veggies which were sold in just-right amounts (as in, not so much that some of it will end up going bad). This market was also great for soups (their brand was my pick, although they have a selection of major brands as well); it was also my go-to place for prepared healthful lunches perfect for work (like the F&E pre-made burritos and pasta dishes).  

Check out frozen foods too-- there are reasonably priced items like tempura, and special organic seafood dishes I never found anywhere else.  

I also liked the casual setup of the checkout area, with the option for a cashier or self-serve.  

And...wait for it... I just found out they are opening at least two F&Es in Sacramento!!!  (okay, that won't likely cause much of a stir with the Phoenix crowd, but I am so excited they'll be open in my area!)",review,Vx0dDvBvRYXcn5dgnpzvUw,1,1,0
0le8kj4gIHe9aZ1NfS2_Ag,2012-12-27,WgbQbDWrOe_fSAUP-y4mlw,1,sslowest drive through ever!!!,review,g5hVihQ30Nn-XoswvlvMvQ,0,0,0
DcrM4hwDcU2G6vuh2cnaYQ,2011-08-31,5w6DSnvrq74jGL-oIxRTsg,5,"The food really is exceptional. Its like the chefs create these perfect little bites, and they literally are bites, of food that are so interesting to taste.

I'd recommend the sampler dinner. I want to say it runs about $40- $50 but its worth it as long as you like what's included.

IT IS EXPEN$IVE. BUT the BF and I have been dying to try out this restaurant due to all the rave reviews it has been receiving on Yelp. LUCKILY a Groupon appeared for NOCA and we jumped on the opportunity. Turned out the fab deal was only marginally helpful. Even with the Groupon it was still a $150 dinner (plus the cost of the groupon...).  Granted we did get a bottle wine (but the cheapest we could find), espresso and a french press cafe... It's like you analyze how much everything costs as you're ordering and are still shocked when the bill comes- I hate that.

Our reservation wasn't until 8:30pm at night, no big deal. The restaurant was still PACKED! AND people kept coming through the door!

It is not a large venue. And the tables are CRAMMED, uber close together. I know that the four-some sitting next to us are going to Isreal next month, right after their family vacation to Minnesota....",review,huE7A2WBkTJTyEr2K8Owzw,2,3,3
nXKwzVKJCtIGd4HxXgjdnQ,2007-07-20,UTTTcbb-p-RmWtG5UGpSoQ,4,"Saketini opened not too long ago, so they're still having grand opening specials.  Get 'em while they're hot!

I haven't had their food yet, but I have partaked in their fantastic drink specials.  They have $2 well drinks for happy hour.  Woo hoo! Plus they have a reverse happy hour too, which scores them another star.  Any place that offers late night drink and food specials is alright in my book.  Once I try the food, I'll be back and I'll update the review.",review,0CMz8YaO3f8xu4KqQgKb9Q,3,1,3
pa_Ft6pLLWo-w_iopBsu0g,2008-06-15,DuPspPuJcLwzgFOrVVQmCQ,4,"Golden Panda has a special place in my heart; the part I clog with orange chicken. I'm sure its not the most authentic Chinese meal, although i don't know, but i consider it the best Chinese take out in the area, solely based on this one item. 

Although I get the same thing every time i have on occasion tried other items that people with me have ordered. All the chicken entries are good, the same lightly fried chicken just different sauces (general tso is my 2nd favorite). The beef dishes are terrible. The seafood is just ok. The won ton soup is really good as well and is usually the second thing i will order if orange chicken isn't enough. I cant remember if the pork is any good but the won ton soup has pork in it so i would give it a shot if you like pork far more than chicken. 

The owners and servers are a bit jaded by the high school students that frequent the place during lunch but will warm up quickly if you go in there a few times. Food comes fast by the way so make sure that when you get take out that you let them know if you will take more than 5 minutes otherwise it will be done and waiting for you after 5 minutes. 

The store has few tables where you can eat but for the most part is a takeout/delivery based establishment. However if you do eat there they have Barq's red cream soda on their fountain.",review,xx2j7XRWLFN7QavS5jcbFw,1,2,1
oGZIo6Pim2C3NavFDYExYw,2007-03-28,V7I6T6jIUcDFgl_tKO1xdw,3,"Having been to about ten 24 Hour Fitness locations here and in California, this location is probably one of the least impressive.  

While the staff is friendly and the gym itself is clean, the facility is small and on only one floor (note that it is a 24 Hour Active, not a 24 Hour Sport), and has an industrial feel - like it used to be an old Costco.  Weird.   It's never really all that busy, so waits for machines or weights are minimal.  Gymgoers in North Phoenix will be happy to know that a new 24 Hour Fitness Sport is opening on 43rd Ave. and Bell in May.",review,4_YfcfHkCem1onJFkItxjA,0,1,0
AhB6sqGJY-S4hqyk4Ta8vw,2012-06-12,PGxSH87ZPZW3lHsQA5mJtg,5,"This is my favorite public pool in the entire valley.  It's super cheap - 2.25 for adults, 1.00 for kids.  You can bring in drinks and snacks as long as they are not in a cooler (weird).  They have a snack bar. It's very clean.  Oh and the most important part, they have a lazy river, two big water slides, a whirlpool, toddler play area with more slides, basketball, lap pool, diving boards.... I think that's it.  It's quite a drive but it's worth it.",review,wFweIWhv2fREZV_dYkz_1g,4,3,3
s1dex3Z3QoqiK7V-zXUgAw,2011-07-10,Y3z--Y7xmtjUX-5JTLyndA,4,"I have just relocated to Scottsdale and eager to find a great wine bar and/or restaurant with a great wine list...and 5th and Wine was the one place that everyone recommended, so I was eager to check it out!

I decided to check it out one night after work, and asked a few co-workers for some delish food choices to try...the bruschetta was the one to try!

I loved the ambiance, very social atmosphere, nice bar scene and small tables, but they also had another room for tables further away from the bar which was more chill and quiet atmosphere.  I was quickly seated at a nice table in the more quiet area, and could scope out the scene. 

I started with a delish glass of Charles LaFitte - Brut France sparking...which for $9 was a deal and refreshing!

I quickly scanned the menu for the bruschetta and my mouth started to water with the selections.  I opted for the prosciutto/fig/marscapone bruschetta and the standard mozzarella/tomato/basil bruschetta!  Both were totally delicious!  The bread was lightly toasted and a bit soft...not like your typical ""crunchy"" bread bruschetta...which I actually enjoyed more than I thought I would.  

I ordered the Beef Bourguignon Julia Childs' ""Beef, Wine, Bacon, Mushroom Stew"" over egg noodles...for $16.96...again, a total deal and totally tasty!  The beef melted in my mouth and the mushroom and sauce was hearty and flavorful!

All in all, the meal was wonderful, and the service was great - very attentive staff - Jonathan, my waiter, was super personable. I also met Scott Yanni, one of the owners, who came over to see how my meal was...and he was very gracious when I told him that I just relocated here and was very happy to find his restaurant as one of my new favorites!

I will definitely be back for more of their great menu and tasty libations!",review,cjhSTaDI5XffCXRJsXPmSQ,0,0,0
O4jXtRnS_R9SyM7ckMhFmg,2012-08-27,JTDnd6DHhZztuBQTkk5oVg,5,"Just came from there as part of my trip down the Apache Trail. My 9year old daughter loved it so much she insisted on stopping in again on the way back. The town is really cute with tons of photo ops. We picked up a few fun souveniers and some prickly pear fudge. We did this in 100 degree temps and still enjoyed it. For those curmudgeons moaning about this being a tourist trap, RELAX....the kids love it. This 40 something mom loved it. It's free to just walk around.  But definitely do the Mystery Shack. Weird and fun. I actually got dizzy in it.",review,zTgFzcfAUuUkDWix6FKYqQ,0,0,0
LYLGCIqNQQrpMwOxJ1hlrg,2010-04-27,LejfQ5QUUn_DsyqjxCT-HQ,3,"I usually get the Arizona Smashchicken or the Arizona Cobb Salad.  Both are always delicious!  Sometimes they are really spicy and other times not so much.  I guess it depends on who is making it and how many jalapenos get in there.   The chicken is really flavorful, unlike a lot of other chicken sandwiches/salads where the chicken is bland and adds nothing to the meal.  I think I am the only person I know that isn't a fan of the Smashfries.  They are generally tasty, but I would far prefer regular fries.  I really like this place, but its a little pricey for what you get.  Lunch for two will probably set you back a least $20... its not too bad, but your $20 will go a lot further other places.",review,ajEWtu_h76FDdEDxwdTWmg,0,0,0
Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA,2012-03-05,Hop9dDEysATHyBwSgz_Yyw,5,"This place confirms why ""hole in the wall"" places are the best places to get food. Its virtually impossible to find the place but once you smell the aroma of home-cooked Mexican food, you know that you're there. Usually there is a long line; however, their service is quick. With the combination of their swift service and decadently savory food, Rito's is a staple Mexican food stand that everyone has to visit when in Phoenix. I always have a green chilli burrito and haven't quite ventured out to other things on their menu, but I have never heard anything less than positive about what they have to offer.",review,ZirtwB_QHFUGX_7x02jf5Q,0,1,0
CWoXwnoxdFihXB1KhH9goA,2010-11-20,nDMBoH-RR-dwTetO6ZW3qw,1,"I am furious.

In the last 12 months, I have had at least scheduling issues, from them calling me at 8AM on a Saturday morning (my 1 day off) to cancel my 11am appointment to last Saturday, when I went in only to be told someone had messed up, and actually booked me for the NEXT week, and despite me driving all the way out there at 11am, they couldn't get me in until maybe that evening, and then not with someone who had experience in deep tissue/medical massage. I was irritate and ready to ask for my membership refunded then, but Ashley the clinic manager promised me that they'd give me my next week appointment free of charge, and that she'd personally be certain there were no more issues.  As I literally couldn't turn my head to the left due to pain, I took her up on that. BIG MISTAKE.

Yesterday (the Friday before my ""correctly"" scheduled massage, I went out of my way to call in and confirm my own bloody appointment, to try and avoid last week's debacle. According to the woman who answered the phone, it looked like my schedule therapist was actually scheduled off, but she went to talk with her manager, and came back to the phone telling me everything was ok, and that she'd call with any issues. Then yesterday evening, I got ANOTHER confirmation call from Massage Envy, confirming and reminding me of my 11:30am appt on Saturday with my preferred therapist. GIven that I've had 3 migraines this week (versus my 0 or 1 when I get a massage the weekend prior), I really absolutely needed to get in, so I felt more confident.

Well, I was just woken up at 8am...again. On my day off...again. To explain to me that, big shock, they messed up my scheduling again, and that apparently, my therapist was off today. Despite Ashley's promise of it not happening again. Despite me being pro-active and calling to confirm. I am sitting here in pain, so furious at this repeated treatment that I can't even go back to bed...and the best part? They don't even have a manager on duty I can complain to.

My treatment at the hands of the booking/front desk staff has been any thing BUT relaxing. I continue to walk out of there frustrated, angry, and occasionally in tears. I know they say Fool Me Once, Shame On You, Fool Me Twice, Shame On Me, but I was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. I'm pretty screwed for today and the next week, but luckily, an Elements place with a similar concept opened recently in the general area. At this point, it literally cannot be any worse than massage envy. As much as I love Talisha and Aisha as massage therapists, getting a massage should feel good, and not like you're just a number to them, not like you actually have to spend more time trying to get a damn appointment than you actually get to spend IN the appointment.",review,rR5W8Bj-IGu6sw1_1v4m7g,2,9,0
_TWT58PWunYIyPgpz1fuog,2010-09-13,YCeTzxmQDiBRnqZGATtPpw,2,"Checked this place out today for lunch as a possible spot to watch NFL games. Took advantage of their lunch menu and got the sliders. I get my bill and $2.50 is added to my bill for a beverage.  I was drinking water. Apparently, you have to buy a drink to take advantage of the lunch specials. I was not informed of this and was pissed. On top of that the sliders were mediocre at best.  These specials that have these restrictions drive me crazy. A heads from the bartender about the beverage deal would have been nice. When I questioned the bill, the original bartender who took my drink order said, ""she didn't tell you?"" I'm not going back to this place.",review,B24c_xt-kU-GpH42ZWlksg,0,0,0
IbhWOItXWvpZvnx3-USiLw,2008-12-02,KMZSU1O5LzMWiuziuFjicQ,5,I was very excited to find this place as you will be when you walk inside and find nice clothes and accessories for even nicer prices!  There are several locations throughout the (east) valley.  Treat yourself.  You will be happy you did.,review,8ZwIPH1FTDjte17bXVIspA,0,0,0
yR6kgWuMUNG6fjOrzzhfeQ,2012-05-16,oY58TU4ye0FdKYMRkFOiWg,4,"Back in town and back to our favorite hotel in the area. Right across from North Mountain preserve, where we love to hike in the morning, or a 10 minute drive over to the Squaw Peak area.

Love the ""falls"" pool area - but if you like quiet, there are other pools - we just enjoy the music and the cocktail service. Different Pointe of View is supposed to be an awesome restaurant at the top of the resort with amazing views, but we usually opt for local, regional restaurants... Via Delosantos, Aunt Chiladas, Mi Patio are some of our favorites.

Only reason for 4 stars this time is that I used Hilton Honors points for our room and I am a Diamond member.... not impressed with our location at all. We love being up high in the cliffs where you have a view, and this time we overlooked the top of a building. I was bummed... especially since we are return guests. (didn't complain, however...not my style).  Next time I will request a better view.

Have to say, however, that upon arrival, we were assigned a room with a group standing right outside on their balcony.... loud, smoking and arguing. We immediately called the front desk to ask to be moved and they arranged it right away, which was nice.

Every time we visit the same people are working in the pool area - and we always feel welcome. Excellent service and friendliness.

Can't wait to go back.",review,0AZPm9X5V-and7oT-Lbtwg,0,2,0
FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA,2012-08-16,IVVf4NUgklkQUxV2la2NgQ,4,"I went to this place with a family member upon their recommendation.  

The salad was amazing!  I forget exactly what it is called (cowboy chopped salad I think?) .  Firstly it's gorgeous (comes in rows of the ingredients which are beautiful colors; arugula, tomatoes, pepitas, dried currents, chicken, asiago cheese, and dried corn for some crunch)  Then when it gets to your table they pour on the dress (a creamy dressing with a slight basil taste to it), and it all gets mixed together.  

I believe it usually comes with salmon instead of chicken but we ordered ours with chicken and it was a great fit, I highly suggest it. 

The rest of the menu looked amazing too, but I'm not sure I could go there and not get the salad.  So I suggest going with multiple people, splitting the salad and then splitting another entree.  

The decor of the place could probably use a little sprucing up and it's a bit on the cheesy side.  

Service wise was unfortunately not the greatest experience.  It was a slow time and we had a hard time getting our bill or being asked if we needed anything else.  Thus the deduction of a star.  But I would still give it another try just for the food.",review,g-p9oxVKCSVfM-SNAZE93w,0,1,0
cInzGnaFZ3EIItvFXl1MvQ,2012-05-29,G95Bg8aLINvEj43DZApmXw,4,"This place use to be a Wendy's for years since I lived down the street. Still, they made it look nice on the inside (they have a drive thru!) and they even had a man playing his versions of classic rock songs on guitar which was nice. The Hostess was also our server and she was super nice (Go Erin!). 
When a girlfriend of mine and I walked in we saw the specials for the day and when I saw avocado curry I was sold since I'm addicted to avocados. We got the lettce wraps which was good (wish it didn't come with iceburg though) and got it simply because it came with I believe their sweet and sour sauce AND the peanut sauce. LOVE peanut sauce.
From what I saw, they had a full bar. Beer selection was good, nothing on tap though which makes me a sad panda. I had to order the thai tea which was very good and tried the thai coffee, also good.
Avocoda curry was amazing! Though when I got the bill I was sad to see that it cost $18... I understand that when they say it's the special, it means that they don't serve it on their everyday menu.
I'll most def be back, very good place!
P.S. Came on a Monday night.",review,GZdf2mPWMN_f1HeSkCtYaw,0,1,0
OOCLVeqqMFfSnKa7liv0Kw,2011-10-20,o1Q0IMCgEI4P13SWiZUXrQ,1,"Decided to give Tempe Marketplace another try after reading recent reviews (hoping that they had improved). I had to ask myself if we were visiting the same place. The traffic and parking situation are still horrible and the loudspeakers in the parking lot are unacceptable. The JC Pennys and Targets are crippled versions of their regular stores at other malls. The stores here all open too late (11am, REALLY???) to be useful in our uber hot summers (except for a Targets that opens at 8am). 
Even though I am a Tempe resident, I will continue to choose the Riverview shopping area on Dobson over this mish-mashed monstrosity.",review,LX3cTVaS8f2UF0Uuafsfug,0,0,2
Y-5knOy4atrpy-TJU7gEfQ,2011-08-16,VA9vhFnVTB-qYWkj2dKtGA,3,"This bar is ok to hang out at. I think its sort of frumpy. The drinks are fine, I've never eaten there.  They have PBR there. 

Lots of local people mostly regulars. Anyone can go there an fit in there.  I have been a few times but it's not a place I spend a lot of time.",review,O3huqF3nBeWP9Zd6NmCAaQ,0,1,0
Nj6ITW0Zhl7LpovGIH6SAg,2009-03-03,41dG-J3dwBuER-pOKiQTLg,2,"This location is a glorified garage sale. It smells and nobody speaks English. Children are running free pulling clothes off racks and smashing into people. 

If you are lucky, you can find shoes, but I have never found jack shit for clothes.

Go upstairs to Marshall's and spare yourself.",review,MWt24-6bfv_OHLKhwMQ0Tw,8,9,11
I_mPpc15e_97LXM1DiJVaA,2012-09-05,6E_RdVKdk-LMp5BoB9mJ4g,5,"This location opened up just 3 weeks ago, and offers high quality, natural products for mainly cats and dogs, although there is a very basic small animal section.  The emphasis is on foods that are more nutritious, healthier, and that don't have corn or soy in them. There is a large freezer section in the back with a good selection of raw food meals.  Also, there is a plethora of treats and toys for your furry friend as well.  The small animal foods section has a few small bags of hay, some treats, pellets, and toys.  I wasn't too impressed with their rabbit selection, and they did not offer high quality brands such as Oxbow which is a bit surprising since they have so many high quality dog and cat products.

Jill, the manager, was very enthusiastic and is very passionate about providing the best products for pets.  She showed me various treats, foods, and toys, and provided a lot of educational material on dog nutrition and health.  She provided a free sample of some nice grain-free dry dog kibble which is highly recommended on dogfoodadvisor.com, which I appreciated a lot since my dog is a bit picky with the food he eats.  This is definitely a place to go to spoil and pamper your dog or cat!",review,uZbTb-u-GVjTa2gtQfry5g,1,2,1
Bc4DoKgrKCtCuN-0O5He3A,2011-01-01,VCZYX24hy6kYAGKgxY7twA,5,"This is the best ice cream I've ever had, bar none!  I had the salted caramel, and it was wonderful!  I felt like I was 7 years old and enjoying my first ever ice cream cone.  I also love the decor of the shop, the braille on the back wall is so cool (although I do wonder exactly what it says!)  I also bought a pint of their ice cream at Whole Foods, I love Sweet Republic and everything it stands for!  Totally recommended!",review,PRtRbjwrsz-c4VtYaAOh0w,1,1,0
TfTlOE6h9E9o34dEkw9L_w,2011-04-08,ZAOfTFuQ86oQ_Rv5lYwzFw,4,"We went to the Science Center for their body exhibit and then walked around to find something to eat. We chose The Rose and Crown because it was close, not too fancy and the music pouring out was great. We ate out on the beautiful porch of this amazing house and although we don't drink, we were welcomed and enjoyed the experience. I asked the waiter for his dinner suggestion and went with it (fish and chips), my husband ordered the shepherds pie. Both were quite delicious. I even took the time to use the restroom and to see the inside of the restaurant and enjoyed the ambiance throughout the pub. 
I will definitely be back with friends to enjoy again.",review,kYgPm0uUJo7cO94b84qBog,0,0,0
j7XuypdW_w935NhjbvKPQw,2012-08-02,bGgmdMteBYZY_mQtSWxpDw,5,"This 5 star rating is mostly for their boba! They are cool about how many flavors I put into my boba (usually about 4!) unlike other boba shops that only allow like 2

Their ramen is pretty good and decently priced. However, I don't like coming to this place much ONLY because I don't like coming out smelling like an Asian restaurant.",review,y2ClTl6I-utHQ4Les8zGTQ,0,1,1
ObYf1kZVWfL8NocxUwGJKg,2009-05-03,TMAUfoOs-EoKm3NhAyGvUQ,4,"Just went tonight.  Was looking for some late night Mexican food and atmosphere a step above most things that are open this late and found success.

This place is definitely trying to pull off cool and I think they do a pretty good job of it.  Their expansive selection of Tequila, enhances the mood they set out to create.

I do not like that you had to pay for chips and salsa but the food was pretty cheap for how nice the restaurant was, so I think it evens out.  

They might charge for chips because it's the kind of restaurant where you could spend several hours drinking and if people ate chips the whole time that was happening it wouldn't be profitable.  I say this because their alcohol is a good deal.  16 oz. Dos Equis for four bucks on tap and it wasn't happy hour!

This place is a balance of modestly priced mexican, drinking and nice atmosphere.  The food is not amazing but it's good, and with the atmosphere and wanting to eat at 11 at night this restaurant/bar is overall impressive.  (If weren't for the late late night aspect would probably only give it three stars)",review,1IN64kMGtO88yd3r6iUV6g,0,1,0
CFaRVxsnN4Zjf28cbORKIA,2006-08-09,4gxyGvXlf-nXKS8qqSqtmQ,4,"Via Delosantos is one of the few places in Phoenix that a vegetarian can get a good Mexican meal.  Neither the beans or rice are cooked in lard, which is hard to find in this town.  The chips and salsa are premium, just watch out for the fried potatoes and such - very greasy.

Thanks to Philip's illuminating review, I hadn't heard about their health code violations.  It's something I'll keep an eye on in the future though... if they take another dive like they did in 2004 I'll keep my distance for a while.",review,rPGZttaVjRoVi3GYbs62cg,0,1,0
3E_toMWSUCuhRJzG1eml8Q,2012-09-01,mKMS_fetps3GjFtDAcCY1Q,5,"I really love this place. I'm not sure why there are so many mixed reviews... maybe what they ordered? I always get the regular size custom burger... blue cheese, mayo, lettuce, tomato (and sometimes bacon). Simple and delicious. The rosemary fries with Smash sauce are also amazing. The only thing I didn't care for were the fried pickles... a bit too salty.",review,RNoMJJwCVz8AAR-usCvYUg,2,2,0
0UWfvm0ah-8DVSm3nkbsMg,2009-03-05,kDCQvdtLbV3dnc5Ny-IUVQ,5,"My husband and I LOVE El Metate... we joke about putting a line item in our budget for this place we eat there so much. Their food is delicious, they are family owned and operated - always friendly. 
Their hot sauce is to die for, both green and red. It's possible I like El Metate better than Amados!",review,zCCuNgxv3C9TCKqdXRdTZQ,0,0,0
IdnYOlL9aDfMu_S2kcaUkQ,2012-11-15,OQhXgCGbH3W6kS9q-_DusQ,1,"One hour. That is how long we waited after ordering before we decided we would rather eat anywhere that wasn't here. A crushing, impressively underwhelming experience in lack of service.

We arrived, found we had free valet parking? With a teensy parking lot, this works, thank you. A good selection of indoor and outdoor seating? Also a plus. Setting expectations and/or taking care of waiting customers? FAIL.

On a beautiful AZ autumn morning we came here (tho we entered Rockerij). We asked to be re-seated outside because inside of Rockerij is dark as a tomb and had loud, conversation intruding, music. We were reseated by the fireplace, and a waiter came over shortly to take our order. Bam. So far so good...or so we thought. 30 Mins after placing our order, I ask another waiter to check on the status of our food and he cleverly asks about what we ordered (exactly)...so we think it is being taken care of. 40 MINS after placing our order, I have still only had my coffee refilled once...and had to flag down another waiter to inquire about the status of our food again, because our actual waiter is nowhere to be found and the previous ""drive-by"" waiter never returned. A few mins beyond that, this guy actually comes back and indicates that our order is nearly ready and should only be a few minutes longer. Shortly thereafter OUR waiter stops by with comments of: 

""I don't know why it's taking so long...""
and
""I put the ticket in right after I took your order...""

So...as a waiter...maybe it might be part of your job to check on the status of an order say...15mins after bringing it by the kitchen? Perchance? What do you think?

FIFTEEN (15 == few?) minutes later, we still had no food and I'd had quite enough. Out the door we went.

On a comical note: As we were outside (another 5 minute wait because the valet had our car either parked in Egypt somewhere or tandem?) our waiter came out to find us to let us know that our food was ready if we'd like to come back inside?

Oh R E A L L Y? The Clue-Delivery Train will be visiting you shortly. Facial cues you may want to look for in the future are:
1) the furrowed eyebrows
2) fuck-you facial expression
and
3) curling fists

It seems that we are not alone in this. Courtney W.'s review (10/14/12) is representative of what we experienced.

I am dumbfounded how they have any good reviews. There must be a serious drought of sit down restaurants in this part of town, because this crap would never fly where I live. I cannot tell you how much I am looking forward to NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.

P.S. They own 3 restaurants apparently: Richardson's, Rokerij, and Dick's Hideaway...all right in the same area (Rokerij and Richardson's being attached). 

P.P.S. They all serve the same menu. It is NOT amazing. I have previously been to Dick's. Yes, it is good. No my socks did not come flying off.

P.P.P.S. ProTip: Drive down to Central Phoenix and go to Durant's, Portland's, Switch, or Fez. All of these places have exemplary service and food to match.",review,vKZSrW5pXNHZrl6_Vq8xyw,0,2,0
1mhywrdsgdqJM3OGZIpVtA,2010-03-01,cNUzXleO__xO8Ztpg61ixw,5,"Love the shows the promoters bring in. Cozy spot where I've seen Owl City, A Fine Frenzy, Landon Pigg and more. Plus they are generous with the Malibu Rum :) You will need to visit the bar to get your own as I've never really seen cocktail servers. Oh well... 

Atmosphere is laid back, chill. A large patio. And yes, the Shaker Room. The hot, shake your stripper ass, place to be.",review,OksbhhgC71Ary3zNHMypeQ,0,0,0
ihMUU9D2mcgrp7fi8lmqJg,2012-09-21,GwigThV8Ww46QzpA36gucQ,5,I really love the chicken and how it already comes with pickles o. The sandwich ... Fave.. I also love the buffalo sauce very addicting,review,vCvtdiwIR52fnByQH7ciZA,0,0,0
XWvht_1ZLdK7EHJ3jo4q0g,2011-06-16,5e20T-b8vYqXZZn03Gu8Pg,2,"four star average?
Why?
This place is a chain restaurant with a silly name - the family made me eat here and I will tell you this - the only thing four star here are the sexy tall young fit waiters.... everything else is weak and salty...

At least they serve bourbon - but seriously the cocktail menu was silly and the preparation by the untrained bartenders was obvious - silly rolls with honey butter oh that's cute -

the food was applebees meets outback  - one of those taste of the world menus - my dad was silly enough to order the prime rib - it looked like a swanson frozen dinner - poor dad - IT IS CALLED WHITE CHOCOLATE GRILL - what does that mean - oh it means we are silly and have duped people into thinking we are a trendy restaurant.

So sad - seriously the service is lovely and attentive the food is better prepared and home with more flavor and less salt - i guess the real french fries - the string kind were yummy but I needed to up my BP meds.

oh and a funny decor thing - they use rolled up, stacked utensils in napkins as sorta sculptural decor around the restaurant - sorta weird",review,ZXZere7_WFGPkAhAaDqsmQ,5,7,6
lVHtVCyFJOqAH0ltn7pLuw,2009-05-31,CYhyVxG332YrY7_J6xIv5Q,4,"I am beginning to be hooked on sushi.  Two years ago, I would have told you that sushi was just wrong....but now I am wrong :)

I went to Sushi Eye on Friday with my wonderful and lovely friend. (You know who you are) I was excited to go there, especially with the rave reviews.  At first I was a little put off since I thought that our server was a little bit of a moron with a splash of attitude.  I ordered an iced tea and before it took her over ten minutes to come back so I could get some pink packets to sweeten it up.  (And that tea was dark!)

After that little slip, everything was perfect...(though my miso soup didn't have any seaweed in it...which is odd in my book)  I had the Spicy Scallop and the Philly Roll...both were awesome!  And my friend's California Roll with Asparagus was the best.  I will have to order that next time for sure.

The sushi chef was very nice and the other server there was more attentive.  I loved the menu and it had a lot to offer.  (And since I am don't know a lot of my sushi yet, I liked it that they had descriptions)  The place was clean and I really liked the layout.  I will have to go there again and have some sake as well. :)",review,ca2Sa9Enqg2GlWFQ95p8bw,1,2,1
BW-64ad2ikPu8M48nV69wQ,2011-05-08,HhhdKGytEu5mXlM03xM1pg,5,This place is great!,review,0SH_57eHXYWuGztkRxC9Vw,0,0,0
fHGb1TiZbYAFxxwADhIYQw,2012-01-21,SnRf2nyxAmfm7MigNtcCNg,5,"We traveled from Anthem to find this little Turkish heaven.  The drive was worth it. 
Loved everything about this place from the service to the food! Definitely be back.",review,b0iJnmLsIfnPI3VwyY4Ulw,2,2,0
8HQ8clouLGgee99KkR4vXA,2012-08-04,aVOyYWa_xkJXRbILFlFKOA,5,"This place is great! I really appreciate the extreme friendliness and kindness of the employees. Best customer service. Also, the variety of favors is fantastic!",review,9HhwtAe8mOQiI8_hXQhtXA,0,0,1
FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA,2012-10-01,RM_T6mXcA60AdIJDQekOHg,4,"This place is very cool! I went here after work with a sorority sister for drinks on a Friday night. Ended up staying for like 3.5 hours.

Fantastic atmosphere with outdoor and indoor seating. Lighting is dim and intimate indoors with rustic seating areas and large booth perfect for groups getting drinks together. The outdoor patio is sectioned off in a covered area with tables and smaller seats while an uncovered area hosted seating for peeps who rode their bikes in.

The drinks are pretty yummy. If you're into fruity, girly cocktails there isn't much to choose from, but for a more mature, grown-u beverage, you're in luck. Hit the happy hour (which sadly ends at 5pm).

It gets a tad loud and it difficult to tell the wait staff apart from the customers because they're all in street clothes but they're very attentive and sweet. We ordered the fondu plate and it was great. Pretzels, sausage, apples and the cheese... perfect for sobering up a bit from those yummy cocktails.",review,Ypz7hxOCnrg8Y8vxHJU-sQ,0,1,0
s1dex3Z3QoqiK7V-zXUgAw,2012-11-06,PhIc4XJgZzrHuWBrQbnOEQ,4,"This is one of those places that I always seem to forget to review.  I guess maybe because it seems everyone already knows this place is great!!

The important details you need to know:
- Live music sometimes
- Great happy hour food specials
- Most wines (3/4 of the wine list) is $5 a glass before 6pm.  Use your Yelp check-in offer to drop that to $3.  YES I SAID THREE DOLLARS!!!!!!
- Great bruschetta, burgers, and everything else. Chef's specials are often enough vegetarian so that's nice for someone like me
- Great back patio that isn't super obvious to a first-timer that it exists
- Clean bathrooms! You know all of the above doesn't matter in the slightest bit if the restrooms are nasty
- Wine specials on the 5th of every month.  Now, I have never participated but I think it's like $2 for a specific wine. But since you can use the Yelp check-in offer, I haven't bothered since it's cah-razy cheap every day!!",review,XTFE2ERq7YvaqGUgQYzVNA,4,5,1
uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg,2011-04-17,9rXM4TFIt5P_FcqeNo1bMw,2,"I love the outdoor space at this restaurant. We had a very friendly waiter serve us. We started out with a delicious gin cucumber cocktail which was so refreshing. For an appetizer we had the chicken arugula flatbread that was tasty but definitely could of used a bit more flavor. The caesar salad made with kale was so salty that we were not able to eat much of it. The romaine salad was okay, nothing special. The entree, halibut was so dry it was totally inedible. The roasted vegetables were just so-so. I ate here in December and loved it but this time I was very disappointed. I am in no hurry to return, except for a drink.",review,ITunAJbCR-1rBPrXfzOiRA,0,1,0
Zh_y9AmSfWZpR2JB9wye-A,2011-01-22,foq4A5JLCEmboYcpqWbUiQ,4,I had dinner at the True Food in Scottsdale on a Thursday a couple of weeks ago.  There is really nothing not to like here.  the restaurant itself is great looking and will be wonderful when the weather warms up as all the walls are glass doors.  I thought alcohol was well priced or least the wine was as you get glasses starting at $6.  we shared the lettuce cups as an appetizer and they were quite tasty although messy to eat as are all the dishes that use lettuce as a tortilla.  I had the puttanesca with a twist--no anchovies--instead with ahi tuna--it was quite tasty and was a right sized portion.  My sister in law had a tofu curry--that also was quite flavorful--even though I am not a fan of curry and can take or leave tofu.  head the chocolate cake for dessert which was just right.  I will definitely go back-all in all a pleasant evening.,review,uWeMgQMWd_dxqSxPpnd-qw,0,0,0
6dqDSEMDqTA-wNOdWtshUQ,2012-10-28,FpvbUQaIoNwH2zcfBQ7QdQ,5,Wow these cupcakes were amazing!! The frosting was picture-perfect. I tried Vanilla Salted Caramel and Pumpkin and both were so good! The cake on both were super dense and moist. Vanilla Salted Caramel definitely was the best of the two!,review,ItLnXJx4M4dM4gQFJLS8Xg,1,1,1
bzDs0u8I-z231QVdIQWkrA,2010-07-28,8ELy-3wYplMcVGEJhWhqzw,4,"If only it wasn't all the way up there... i'd be on it like a lush at the FEZ happy hour... margaritas, martinis oh my! Anyways that's how I would describe my dinner outing to Los Reyes de la Torta with my best, Sara V. 

She thought of it and I bought it... so off we went after work on Monday night to Los Teyes de la Torta for some Torta goodness. The only Torta I've had prior is at Gallo Blanco. and they Ribeye there is delicious but here we were at Los Reyes and the menu was huuugggge! Sara V. was hungry so we started with an app, the chicharron quesadilla estilo del rey which is with queso, pico, onions, and jalapenos. I got horchata as a drink, and Sara V. got mango juice. Felt tropical and I guess it went with the feeling of mugginess outside. Anywho, the quesadilla was big, and really a meal in itself. For our entrees we decided to split two tortas, they were the Arizona Torta  and the Mexicana Torta - steak, sauteed onions, jalapenos. They were both big in its own right, half a torta is filling on its own. 

Sum up our experience, the tortas are really good, altho i can always pass up the Mexicana and try something else. The horchata was alright, nothing phenomenal unlike La Condesa which has a very interesting and really yummy Horchata. Not a big fan of Mexican mangoes coz personally I don't think that they're sweet, Filipino mangoes are still Queen! The quesadilla was yummy, liked it very much. I think it's proof that when more than half their clientele are Latinos is that it's a good torta shop. The dinner was not pricey and I had leftovers but really liked it and will come back soon!",review,ROr4DQ-gxlfUKmiDC-qSEQ,2,3,0
GIGI8bJfN6HyPzmEW-QqjA,2011-07-05,PbpmnNUaILWvEtHVuXFioA,4,"came here one night alone.  the hostess sat me down and kept staring at me as if there was a problem eating alone! i found that a little rude.

my waiter, however, was nice.  I only got the french onion soup and chocolate souffle for dessert since i heard good things about their soup.  it came out in this cute little cauldron, piping hot, cheese all gooey, and several crispy chucks of cheeses were tucked near the edges.  it was good french onion soup, although i have not tasted enough different french onion soup to judge it as one of the best.  

the chocolate souffle took a while to make but it was quite delicious.  my server brought it out and poured this warm choc sauce infused with some sort of liquor.  the etoh didnt evaporate so there was still a strong taste to me, which i dont prefer.  the souffle itself was soft and fluffy which was good.",review,Zyd78OiKPAqaMSC6OWLb6w,0,0,0
Mh85-BDqDHlngT8G2ZnRWg,2007-03-02,WHGflHhaY4YFIVawor2iLg,2,"i was really unimpressed with the pizza here.
it's conveninetly located, but never very busy, even at it's prime location by a bar even on a friday night.
cheap slices, and easy to get in and out of, but of all the many, many people i know who frequent this area, none of them really ever eat there.",review,7GC9fVWKa4a1ZmBGLH6Uww,1,3,0
CqmCV_6NV3pwYXkjDtG9bQ,2011-12-07,0IoUUKgQwGaHjF1i23nspQ,5,"I am 5'0"", so I require a lot of alterations and it is essential that I have a good alteration service.  I will never go anywhere other than Elegant Reflections for my tailoring services.  I have had innumerable pairs of pants hemmed here and have been completely satisfied.  They have nice private dressing rooms with real doors (I refuse to undress behind nothing more than a curtain), everyone on staff is competent and very friendly, the prices are reasonable, and they are almost always able to complete your alterations in less than a week.

I have only ever encountered one issue..when I had two pair of very thick trousers hemmed with a cuff at the bottom, the cuff seemed loose.  Since I didn't want it to get caught on something and come apart, I took them back to be adjusted.  The second alteration was done in just a couple days (in winter, which tends to be a busy busy time for them) and the new stitching was nearly indestructible!

The staff here also seems to have an exceptional memory, because even after a year hiatus- they greeted me by name!",review,gkwc5gC9eayRtcJ5X-z8AQ,0,1,0
Jf-FUvn6j86oPQhKNIHFJw,2012-04-15,-wXH0RRTSmyHPhEY68bH1w,4,"On display were High School Kids Art from Apollo, Cortez, Glendale, Greenway, Independence, Moon Valley, Sunnyslope, Thunderbird and Washington. Ribbons were awarded to the most talented and there was art extraordinaire.

 I can see Mike Nielsen has a genuine appreciation for the Sunnyslope Art Walk participants and enhances our community. His interior design work for home and office look very cool.",review,gN03qFYysM5DbgjuV6N0QQ,2,3,1
KoIRdcIfh3XWxiCeV1BDmA,2009-04-01,-uoJu5AiH5Vp3AgMCrNATQ,4,"Glad to say this place is still going strong a little over a year after my first visit/review. Wanna try it? Then visit on a Tuesday night for $1 tacos and $2 cervezas! They have amazingly good Tacos and Salsa, and an excellent Tequila bar. Do try the grilled corn on the cob.

Excellent place to hang all night with friends - great drinks, great food, great prices.",review,90a6z--_CUrl84aCzZyPsg,3,4,0
7SO_rX1F6rQEl-5s3wZxgQ,2012-10-08,BZOu01JHq8EdZtPz6j3sqQ,5,"I'm going to be an uptight stickler here, and only review the pizzeria portion of LGO since the grocery part can be done under as a separate business. I hope others follow suit. Sorry, I'm super nerdy about this stuff.

Anyways, the sourdough crust is my favorite pizza crust in all the land. I love the flavor and how it's always glistening with oil when it comes to the table. The toppings are really special here. If you even remotely like avocado, get their avocado pizza. The lemon zest puts it over the top. The corn with goat cheese is my next favorite. The only one that I haven't liked is the the rocket man. It tasted fine, but the heavy toppings were too much for the thin crust.

We also had the fortune of trying their grilled artichoke appetizer one evening. I couldn't get enough of it! It's not on the menu (seasonal item I'm sure), but we asked about it when we saw plates of it go by.

Extra bonus points for the large selection of cheap pizza wines. Any time I can get a decent bottle at a restaurant for under $20, I'm a happy camper.",review,o2CGc1kQHEFkYOECM3NFdg,0,0,0
5pojYKKvohZ1kQBdSBAb1w,2009-05-25,lqpr8UHf1WeMOhYE3MS4XQ,4,this is not in the mall dq a real road side flash back,review,NTSDlVbBNw34dV1t7eFRNw,1,1,0
ytcm2DXuJWKPTqCtr6uJ4A,2012-06-02,lAJtSlaIl81kDWKHmddedA,3,"I came in  on an early Friday morning to buy a dozen and a half of donuts for my co- workers. The man behind the counter found it odd I order such an amountapparently, by the way he repeated my order. In my case 1 dozen would have been too little, 2 dozen too many and I didn't want to waste any. That alrady made me feel uncomfortable. Just fulfill whatever order you get, I am customer. It was my first time here, after many, many drive by's. He asked me what flavors and suggested to make a mix, I didn't have a preference, as I just liked an assortment. Again I was frowned upon. Just give me your bestselling flavors...what's the problem. Well, I guess it was once and never again. The donuts were fresh tasting, but the service was far beyond friendly. To bad, you could have earned a new customer.",review,EJaoDaba5ew7Pr1r8fT4NQ,0,0,0
pQ3kRVmttsV1bHxuTf7TAg,2010-03-24,OyisBZlWvyjZNXF_T5zOLw,4,"Love this place.  Great selection of beers, cheap ($3 per beer) happy hour, relaxed atmosphere and walking distance to the Light Rail.  Some nights they have live music which isn't always to my taste but I like that they provide a venue for local artists and musicians on top of everything else.  On First Fridays it's packed (so good or bad depending on your feeling about crowds - I avoid it those nights) but on other nights ... it's just a very cool and comfortable place to hang out.  Sometimes parking is kind of hard to find.",review,IJKdg7KSekmIm_6LJsfvUw,0,0,0
L7i9j66ph3Uz5i56OXIICg,2007-07-24,B1jXFJYt9s38M33xyqtPvw,3,"It's the kinda place where you're certain the employees don't spit in your food.

Best Taco Bell I've been to.",review,QEDVhdE7tK6aQp1WuJY69g,0,1,2
lktu5JPDlQUG-7cV7gOzDQ,2012-07-28,WwmrZHRhYWbfachDVKYLZw,5,"Cartel is my go to coffee place.  If I could drink here everyday, I would.  The barista who seems to always be working sunday mornings makes the best lattes that I've ever had, ever.  Each one always has a cute little heart or leaf shaped on the top which obviously is their secret as to why they're so delicious.  I've never gotten anything else because I've already discovered the best.  If you're cool, you probably like to hang out here on the reg.    
I definitely recommend, best coffee in Tempe by far. 
It's a little hard to find if you've never been before, right off university on ash across from the circle k.",review,WVm03gFSsTjzgWfS0XXLBw,0,0,0
zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ,2009-01-27,tmd_ihdNuq7NqF0uzahX8w,4,"Carly's is a cute little restaurant with a fun atmosphere.  My friends and I started off with the Feta Rosa and it was a great start!  Amazingly delicious- I even added some to my sandwich because I couldn't get enough!  I had the pear sandwich with orzo salad as my side and loved every bite!  Yummy pear, pruschetto, and cheese perfection!

Carly's is definitely worth checking out.  It has great food and a great atmosphere to boot!",review,ai2W745a8wrLHJr7TY0FCA,2,1,1
55seKyxRWUmHC1s52xk45g,2012-01-25,1gzDuWfUnYDXsYqEjpRCKw,3,"The service we had was good, food was alright, the prices seemed high.  Just a sports bar.  

Fine never going to again.",review,hDq2YuMHjB_7KvK8zZCCcw,0,0,1
JiLK9QPjd53pOBEAaY83lw,2011-01-23,h9OyvqG4jjZsK9VNuvbb5Q,4,"Decent menu which includes the traditional satay, tom yum koong, curries, pad thai etc. What threw me off was teriyaki, sweet and sour chicken, kung pao, chow mein. Food is good with great portions! Careful on the heat scale. 10 is blazin...
Weird thing....I was really thirsty after the meal. Usually that's the result of using the other type of SaLt. 
Overall the place is clean, modern, and staff are attentive. Curries are 10 bones, Fried rice at 9, and most entrees at 9 bones! Price is a buck plus more than our So Cal places. Give it a try, food is good, and service is fast.  
Damm..I need to drink another bottle of soda!!!
.",review,-WJ9HJiBLoUS9yNhiE6jbw,1,1,0
NmYTwkqyaCtEg3wifBkxkw,2011-06-29,CTMPP1y-BMZ70UHGj-DAfw,1,"As I promised myself, I'd go back again to try it again. Yyyeeaahhhh...sooooo....the food is still not good. I got the mongolian beef and it's like ""wha? really? is this IRL?"" 

I'm a chinese food kind of a fan, this restaurant, I'm not a fan of.",review,FgauKBp6w-_8hOY1CRYMoA,0,1,0
cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ,2009-07-18,h7fbLrNtziYZjkRQvgmSvg,5,"If you are staying in Phoenix for any length of time, this is a must stop for at least a cocktail.  From walking through the kitchen, to being seated promptly in a booth, this is quintessential gastronomic delight.  Durant's is an icon and legend. Period.  Wine list is great, have a well-versed sommelier also.  I never order Filet, but when in Rome...",review,t-27_YZKsk9tMbAiwQKCwQ,0,0,0
B8ujMtvvpHyEQ2r_QlAT2w,2008-08-11,PImnsWzkTPjwX_4r-2YhCQ,5,"Yeah, yeah, I know there are already like fifty-something reviews for this place, most of them four or five stars, I don't care. Here's one more, another twig on the bonfire celebrating Richardson's awesomeness...

The food's the same awesome New Mexican cuisine as Dick's Hideway around the corner, but eating here is a totally different experience. The dark pueblo interior with Native American rugs surrounding the high-backed booths provides a great deal of privacy for you and your party. I recommend any and all of the seafood dishes - my favorites include the shrimp quesadilla and the scallops... OMG the scallops, so good when I think about 'em they make me lose control and type text message shorthand like ""OMG"". Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I love the food here, I can't truly appreciate it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better. And they're probably right. They usually are.

Went with a group of 6 last week, which seems to be about as large as the booths at Richardson's can handle (for much larger groups there's a private room available at Dick's). Service was super friendly and extremely efficient. Yeah, it can be a little pricy depending on what you order, but in my opinion, totally worth it. Sometimes you gotta splurge.",review,zHH2Iz49wCZYYDLBTv0YOg,3,4,3
FtIZP3Jt-sri23CO84C4gw,2012-01-11,ojEsf1hnwQHG6Ob6UOR-AQ,5,"I LOVE White Lion Tea. The company uses great quality of everything!!!
My favorites are Tuscany, Ginger Peach, Green Passion Tea, White Ambrosia Tea as far as I have tried :) 
Everytime I opened a tea bag, I have to take a good deep inhale from a tea bag. It's smell soooo great as the tea taste.
Thank you White Lion for having such awesome products !!!",review,d8s1LoZFes3UXolENDF0_A,0,0,0
ojjtPlnSmCX1zCzWL7JoNQ,2012-12-04,DCrShxcgMAVTVHYzBJQRAA,5,"The new Kale salad is to die for! 
I love this place! Every time we have lunch here it is busy but somehow the staff always finds us a seat! The food is always really good and the speed in which you get it is amazing. This is the best lunch place in the valley!",review,koxaBzK7GSHpAA1BLw2L5Q,0,0,0
yeLq-452CkaKw1ynn0nRNw,2010-05-02,tdNniSuSdxp5wvfhikAiUg,5,"The slices of pizza are cheap, huge, and very very good.  I really don't have to say anymore.",review,-OMlS6yWkYjVldNhC31wYg,2,1,0
oxsCvEkQNNIbOPDt_QK_0A,2008-07-06,C6yeumUSDmdMYT2GxjKhKA,1,"Nice looking place with average food and horrible service.  Everything took forever and no one came by to see how we were doing.  We literally watched our server going around setting tables and taking napkins off of empty tables rather than making himself available to us.  He wandered around from table to table in a completely unoccupied area of the restaurant the majority of the time we were there.  The food was luke-warm and nothing special.  I was only here once so I hate to be so down on the place, but based on the other reviews my experience sounds pretty typical.  Don't waste your money.",review,YL8SKv-pwx-Wj9cwGYrn3g,1,3,0
3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ,2012-07-30,7rTnJ-9-1bFRWOZmcQFmhw,5,"I'd love to give this place MORE than 5 stars!!!

In Phoenix a few weeks ago I needed to planb a nice dinner for a group of 10.  I thought about a few places and wanted to come here because of the view.  (Get it? Different Point of View.....?) Anyway, while I did initially pick DPOV because of the view, I fell in love with the perfect service AND the perfect menu.

There were great options for my picky group, and not one person left unhappy, or hungry.  In addition, they seem to have a pre-fix menu with a nice price tag if you're ballin on a budget.  

Everything was AMAZING and it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in DC!",review,Aslq99yqmuVZdFMxasei-Q,1,0,0
eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw,2012-07-17,VfBddVandcTYppp-zuKtTg,3,"Stopped in for some macaroons and coffee, the food and coffee were decent. The place itself was kinda dirty, stains on the floor, saw a couple of flies, and sat in an uneven chair.",review,b6A7LFRsDr6P8gMgCzP1cg,0,0,0
di2QHs2SrY0XFHcfAq_k2A,2011-10-24,gB_DuxeQcD11Bn7s0gVmzQ,5,Great multigrain sandwiches. Nice patio too!,review,R0KPnPBC7bimj2uyLXYeDg,0,1,0
LxNehlnStQY_rxEwiPof_g,2007-07-26,AsWugluCn1Ym7HmBFeUwIw,5,"Where to start???

The owners are very kind... say hi to Benny in the kitchen!!!

My wife and I found this place while living in the culinary-void NW Valley of Phoenix, and we have eaten here probably 50 times over a 3-year period.  Everything is good:

Gryos
Chicken Pita
Souvlaki
Greek Salads are probably one of the best salads that we have ever eaten
Fries are always fresh
Zatsiki sauce is stellar

The atmosphere is a bit void, but people don't come to 35th and Thunderbird for the atmosphere...  they come for great food at a great price.",review,aFh79e55bjxj5XD5vkob8Q,1,4,0
JxgoluY8hnC34cys_f80xA,2010-05-17,ub9QfxatKjVDMAtrt6_MoA,3,"I'm always perplexed when the staff knows nothing about their on-line specials. This time it was the Yelp ad. Luckily it was quickly resolved by the bartender this time which was refreshing. 

The place it's self is a pretty generic bar. I just had a few drinks along with the Crab Cakes which were actually pretty good.",review,A_O8wZOsMTPwyeYA4-Rsow,0,2,0
679pJn1KyKr2X8NcQNyMzA,2012-07-11,x-79G__QUUYnE-OsEyjrrQ,5,"This is a cool dive away from all the Old Town BS. The jukebox is one of the best I have heard in some time. They were playing songs I never heard of so I know I'm going to be in trouble in the future by using Shazam to identify songs and then buying them from my phone!
Anyway, just be sure you eat before you get there as this is all about hanging in a dive and having drinks. They have lots of beer and the bartenders are cool. If I lived closer I would hang out here much more......",review,xCY9C6KN9xTDzKrow9iivQ,1,1,0
uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ,2012-01-03,ROw0XDHF1TcGXfktqfdnVA,4,"Went to this location last week - was nervous to go because although I love waffles, and fried chicken, the idea of eating them together freaked me out.  But my husband is a huge fan, so I decided to suck it up.  I'm glad I did... Although I typically prefer my waffles a little crispier than LoLo's makes them, the flavor was to die for!!!  And who doesn't love some delicious fried chicken!  I know I do.... Try it!  You'll love it!",review,SLvZfeCztX7QaNbJs_7ikQ,0,0,0
O_ZNZDr6c5CsK6GgsKdDeQ,2010-07-04,b5tP2ZU27NPVgUfgulAKzA,5,"little known secret- the golf course bar!!!!  amazing margaritas and a super-cheap happy hour.  didn't mind watching the cute guys checking in after a long day of golfing, either!  my bff and i were so happy to have stopped here after our day at the spa.",review,KOxd6rC7dtk5BmniPmHfTA,0,0,0
QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA,2012-05-26,1t8LNCJ2d113n8dSPsdJ7w,4,I consider myself fortunate enough to have had a business lunch here a few weeks back. The food was excellent. Steak and potatoes just what a man wants! It was very well done and finished with a 3 berry cheesecake. Worth the moolah!,review,75ag2Y7YNHDohV7KWArWBA,0,1,0
ORiLSAAV4srZ_twFy1tWpw,2013-01-02,4DXtrksVLvLNQ3v-sngmaQ,5,"We recently took a weekend getaway to Phoenix and stayed here. The Hotel is beautiful and our rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The staff here are topnotch. I love the lobby wine & hot apple cider hour in the afternoons, and the lobby coffee & hot chocolate bars in the mornings. We had access to the Golds Gym across from the hotel and were able to get a good workout in their cardio theatre. There is an outdoor skating rink right outside and a small shopping/dining area. It is located right across from the stadium and could walk to our event. I would definitely recommend staying here, especially if you are attending an event at the arena.",review,ABNVoUg46SfdXwRVDla0_A,1,1,1
k8q3ypIoIzchdp3RoRUsJw,2012-05-31,ZcHOmrI0jCM_JUvKSEt6mw,4,Consistently a good experience.  Not a fancy place by any means but a great neighborhood restaurant with friendly staff and good food.,review,4uw7hCPC3owbFuhAkyxrAw,1,2,1
3Jtu-vKe3LDUc5haxT6aPQ,2012-10-17,gl9cSsDFus9HE-G3igNqDQ,3,"Angela, the Nurse practitioner, was great.  baby had a gooky eye and we took her to this urgent care office to see if it was Pinkeye so it could be treated early on.  It was Friday and her regular Dr. was booked up.  Angela said there was no Pinkeye but she had pus in her ears and had a minor ear infection so she prescribed antibiotics, amoxicilon I think.  The only hitch was when the baby had her regular dr appointment the next week he said there was no infection so we were left to wonder who was right.",review,TQ5eVGOFr_qB5_BbEd3Sow,1,1,0
OypZxwm-jS9QfUwgBmzeyw,2008-12-05,AqC7BsBnbwIhVa0t_SFc5A,3,"Was here for a KYOT Wine-Down-Wednesday event a couple of years ago.  The bar area was packed.  Stood around waiting for a table to open up- very uncomfortable as the area is pretty small.  

I remember trying the New England clam chowder.  Tasty, but it had too much potatoes and not enough clams.  Had something else, but can't recall which, and the current menu online reflects a few changes.  

I do recall thinking I would like to come back and have lunch or dinner there, so I'm giving it three stars.",review,0bNXP9quoJEgyVZu9ipGgQ,1,1,0
I4bSn5gXsHuSPu7L-d_8nQ,2010-11-13,2aZXL6Do1uejgTIOdLJdBw,5,"I can only add my gushing praise to the other reviews.  Not only is the food outstanding (pork osso bucco, green chile stew and pecan/fig pie), but the ambiance and service really help make this place a standout.  So many places have arrogant, stuffy service, so Scottsdale.  Not so here.  Also, the waitstaff had opinions about the food - which dishes are his favorite and why.  Elegant but comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices, and a real enthusiasm from the staff (and a chef, who came to visit with folks that he knew who were sitting near us).  The food is rich, but did not seem unhealthily so - not bathed in salt and heavy cream sauce.  Perfect portion size, with a balance - meat, grains and veggies.  So happy that Beckett's is in the neighborhood!
(Oh - and no valet!  I  hate valet parking when there is an ample adjacent parking lot, and spots are only limited because the valets put their cones in the available spots.)",review,DMtlC2TpVEimIn0D07HnUA,0,0,0
9Ep4sguv3HH_8lWyzSogjw,2012-05-08,kdVbwoAxXpgI8wDZtKpYig,5,"I had lunch there recently and was very impressed with the food,  friendly service and excellent value.  I had a lunch special -- two cheeseburger sliders with sweet potato fries.  They serve the burgers with several pieces of fresh crisp lettuce, tomato and onion.  We will definitely go there again.",review,4GzBe-7iyLaCFHfqbChXyw,0,0,1
H7KzlC0-o1wIhlGg-Me5Ag,2012-09-15,ooBK1qxfjiHattgbh6wXGA,2,"Uninspired. From the food to the staff, just another mediocre Chinese restaurant in the valley. I expected something better.",review,TWrWanhB9ueePwov6XxUWQ,0,0,1
PwxvN0SnAGPdqXdNEYVT3g,2012-11-25,3JAUGGP2eizdV8gk3WnbVg,3,"Met a few friends here for happy hour.  They had $5 martinis, but that's not what I ended up getting.  They have a drink special everyday.  That day they had the Walter Crankite, I think!  It was like an appletini with cranberry juice.  We didn't order anything else.  The service was great.  Our servere was very attentive.",review,kNO6w6EIKo8u6GSykOHBLA,1,1,1
VFjeCLwVMguUNWH-DeOgyw,2012-11-03,pOzGCqEIT1ATSwhvlkcVKQ,2,Seriously the most pathetic burger I've had.... ever? On the level of a Burger king or the like. With tip I paid $15 for the burger and fries. What a waste - and they even managed to get the order wrong. A buffalo burger that had no buffalo sauce on it. When I told the waiter he made up for it by bringing a little cup of sauce. Oi... pathetic.,review,Hnlxl7kQRem4uOnbgLEcIQ,0,1,1
wH_kpDuTE6ChDAp5AlMfJA,2012-10-27,GdfTZukhqOESWhvucBBkSQ,4,"Came here for dinner and dim sum. Dinner probably deserves 5 stars but dim sum was probably 3 stars, so I'll just average my experience to 4 stars. 

Food: 
Dinner: There's these dishes that are on sale right now for less than $10 and most of them are clay pot dishes (which are DELICIOUS!). All the dinner items we ordered were AMAZING! Especially the green beans! Those were flavored and stir fried to perfection! I've had this dish many times at many different places and this was by far the BEST green bean dish I've ever had! The clay pots were ALL amazing! Everything tasted SOOO GOOD! 

Dim sum: Not enough dim sum items and the ones that did show up were only ok. We were sitting around for a really long time and nothing would come. When the ladies did come by with the carts, they would not even try to sell us anything. We had to be all proactive and ask everyone what's in the carts. Even when we did that, the ladies would just say ""nothing new"" and push the cart away. We had to order things from the kitchen but even those things would take forever to come. A few of the dim sum dishes we ordered came AFTER we asked for our check and paid already. 

Service: 
Dinner: Great service! No complaints there!
Dim sum: REALLY SLOW...why was there no food??? 

Ambiance: 
This restaurant is in the middle of a food court of a shopping plaza. They just put up dividers to section off the ""restaurant"" from the rest of the food court. I was hesitant to eat at this place, but I'm glad I did because dinner was amazing! Dim sum...that's a different story. If you get over the fact that you are really sitting in the middle of a food court, then it's not so bad. 

Price: 
Both dinner and dim sum items were pretty cheap. 

Overall: 
I really liked eating dinner here! All the dishes were delicious! Dim sum probably would have been better if there was more food and the dim sum ladies were better about showing us what was available. I would totally come again for dinner but maybe not dim sum.",review,6kmPFBSUOZqu8kQpOBzD7Q,1,1,1
X6mWr96ibKdXQSA6mpH90g,2009-11-02,pzdA36d4e4CzayiSOgj_wQ,4,"double-double, protein style, with pickles and spread only please. and a medium iced tea. in-n-out gets it. i like my burger the way i like it, and they don't mind serving it my way. they have never screwed up my order. they have the best iced tea, and fresh lemon wedges that aren't pathetically small. they pay their workers a fair wage, and you can tell - they're all nice and happy. love me some yummy, cheap eats and service with a smile!",review,GyFmGA5UQZ4pXdx1lUH86g,2,3,1
qHjUo2foq-IXF6Tk1Iz3WQ,2011-12-12,U5RUvQltXtD_x0JFSusbrg,4,"CARLOS O'BRIENS IS MEXICAN FOOD!  Sorry for yelling but I nearly dropped my phone when I started reading reviews from people expecting Irish fare.

I've been eating at Carlos for 22 years or so.  I remember being quite young going to the 12th Street and Northern Location.

They have, hands-down, the best Pollo Fundito Chimi I have ever eaten, and boy have I eaten my fair share.  5 stars

Their chips and salsa are also always fresh.  The chips get also 5 stars.  Always fresh and hot.  

Their mild salsa is very mild and watery.  Not my style but it fresh.  I mix the hot in with the mild which works form me.

Shredded beef tacos are also 5 stars.  Love 'em.

Fried ice cream is also yummy.  I'm not a desert guy so I won't attach stars to them but yum yum.

Other tips are to come at happy hour.  Good deals.  Lunch specials and portions are just right also.

Carlos O'Brien's is a great place that just gives me comfort knowing that it is there when I need it.  I spend so much time trying new places, especially mexican, that this old favorite tends to get skipped because the closest one is 15 miles from the house.

Why only 4 stars?  Only because there are more authentic places like Los Dos and Rosita's Place that get 5.

I'll be back.  I always will.  Next time sooner than later.  That darn Fundito calls my name.",review,3dno9Y7mtvi2tq6IfMpDeA,0,1,1
EC9WB-iVjd28B6R6KIZ8TA,2011-08-16,ZRlXng9pn0I3s0MizBF_tg,5,"One of my fav sushi places in the Valley.  Great place to take someone who has never tried sushi or still is unsure of what they like.  Great place to take someone who loves sushi but is indecisive.  Some of my favorites include the spicy shrimp/crab roll, Phoenix roll, and their squid salad.  Plus - you can't beat the Vegas roll - $1.50 for 3 pieces? It's a steal!  Definitely one of the more fun sushi places in the Valley!",review,5RtJforBznyxFKQpdvBZDQ,0,0,0
iDYzGVIF1TDWdjHNgNjCVw,2008-11-10,uScULKPU8e1vjo8-UwVVeA,4,"We were in Phoenix this past weekend for a wedding and wanted a low key, fun, yummy mexican feast before heading for a night out on the town.

Los Sombreros was recommended to us by the concierge at our hotel and it was great!  We sat on the adorable, sparkly light-lit patio and stayed warm with the help of two heaters.  The place was pretty busy but not too loud.  The margaritas were huge and strong as can be and made just the way we liked em!  We shared an order of guacamole - i was slightly disappointed since other yelpers RAVED about it - i thought it was pretty standard, a little better than ""just OK"".  Both of us ordrerd the chilaquiles (he shrimp, me chicken) and they were fantastic although it would have been great  if our server told us that each dish was a legit 10 lbs! We EASILY could have split!

we had such a fun time, the service was good, food was good and the patio was a great backdrop for a casual, albeit fairly romantic meal.",review,Kcmic9TLUlu_dFPC_mNhAg,1,1,1
07OyvsOpqTWuyTtvE4_gcA,2011-09-22,RrjsFr7ZrjwoH04UuCJLjA,5,"I'm pretty sure that Palee's Crown is the best Thai place I have ever been to. The service is always great, and the Owner comes out to talk to us whenever we are there.
The food is so amazing, I have never tried something that I disliked at all. I especially love the Pad Thai and the Currys. I am always full and completely satisfied by the time I leave. I also recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea to drink if you are like me and enjoy weird authentic drinks, and for dessert be sure to get the coconut ice cream. Don't make excuses about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it.
The prices are good and if you're not sure what to try, stick with a curry but remember that Asian spices are very distinct, and very spicy.",review,Yq-pv-frxMeQT9zWtdgUEA,4,3,2
omxi9nCCCM9OXVGsQQ1L5w,2007-04-10,iL64xzahgvRP1-P1QApRMg,5,"We found Ippei happhazardly through United Airline's dining points program and were instantly hooked.  We now frequent the place at least once or twice a week.

A great atmosphere with a very warm and welcoming host, Michael.  It has all of the ambiance of a very chic place, without the attitude and pompous feel.  The wait staff are all very attentive and pleasant.  The drinks are creative.  And if you're lucky, the owner may join you in a sake bomb, though he insists this is not authentic Japanese tradition.

I'm not a huge sushi person and was mainly brought along by my friends, so I can't comment on all the finer touches on the sushi and whatnot.  I can say, however, that if you ask really nicely you may be able to try a roll that the chefs are working on that is not yet on the menu, including a rib-eye roll that is absolutely delicious and friendly to those of us that shy away from sushi because of the whole raw fish deal.

Prices are very reasonable.  This is an up-and-coming spot that is still fairly quiet, but not for long.  Come now before you have to worry about getting a reservation a week ahead of time.  As it is now, you can just walk in.

Great place to bring a date - low lighting, great service, great food, lots of fun.",review,3MoghgXc3USMbgm1S1Nkdw,0,0,0
4Pf9DQBcR23A6Lg2pDsrBQ,2012-02-26,qfqzAIclH68KH8iZo0BXTw,5,"Very clean with and old fashion cinema atmosphere. Snacks are very expensive so if popcorn and soda are a must for you, expect to spend alot of money. The amazing reclining seats are worth it though. I definitly recomend Cinemark 16 as the place to go to watch movies! 
   Also there are alot of great eating places next to it or within walking distance to do the dinner  and movie date night!",review,n_p5TE2OAWByYFzYG1mR1g,0,1,0
qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg,2009-10-14,OkMx40GPIN65mbj1wN4twA,3,"While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice. It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as well as playoff baseball.
 I take Hooters for what it is, pretty decent fried food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on. This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat.
I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely friendly and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a nice touch. She was always willing to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was appreciated as well. They have a good football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game.  The $3.50 25oz Shock Top beers were a deal as well. 
It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own.",review,3cfqpTfcpfHoaSkYM26dUw,3,4,0
3YrW77yHkp3JIyTGYCS_Nw,2010-08-04,K1jY5uTFXGW8hWNCCJloAw,4,"In the mood for a little snack? this is the place. Don't remember what I ordered (my indian friend helped me), but it was good! and also try desserts!!",review,LqgGgWi3FLHBViX9tmZ9sw,0,0,0
qd1ajiZRCwqEQJqCgoN1wg,2010-07-05,0y1FdoWOI85_kWx1rKfyUw,4,"We had a great first visit here for brunch.  They have a creative brunch menu with traditional breakfast items with a twist, lunch items, and great-sounding desserts.  Our party had the sunflower salad, bacon and eggs, steak and eggs, the hummus platter, and the sweet potato chips.  Everything was quite good and very fresh.  We really enjoyed the sweet potato chips - not greasy at all, just sweet potato flavor with a hint of seasoning.  We'll be back to try some of the other menu items.  

Great atmosphere and pretty small dining room which makes it quaint and cozy.  Unfortunately we had the table right next to the kitchen doors which was the only unpleasant part.  Bussers and waiters would come flying out of the kitchen and then stand inches away from me with load trays of food trying to figure out what table they were going to.  The water refiller seemed especially hungover as he literally stood next to my arm for 3 minutes trying to figure out who needed water.  They should put a divider between that table and the kitchen.  Also bar service was slow - 15 minute wait for 2 mimosas.  Waiter apologized but still...

overall a good experience.  Big fan of the atmosphere and menu.  Can step up the service a bit.",review,ky5-mOk8-9M-NlLr8Jh8rA,0,1,0
eRb0wjIVlj0bbfmePKZLng,2010-08-04,pSprYO4dvKGZyR7YfXSYoA,5,"This is one of our favorite pizza places - for the food, value, drinks and great atmosphere! I originally discovered them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival, and am so happy I did!

It is in a great location, walking distance to a bunch of fun bars so it's a great place to start the night in Old Town. My husband and I's favorite thing on the menu is the margarita pizza. The crust is so crisp and perfect! As for drinks, Jac's has a really fun cocktail menu, and also a good wine selection. Our favorite: the ONEHOPE Cabernet Sauvignon. Affordable, smooth, and pretty cool that half of the profits are donated to charity.

Definitely check this place out, you'll love it!",review,Z6Kz5DOd0-W3t_FoQIELAg,0,0,0
sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw,2010-04-21,tIqEPzKIviNNkhqdqAFmTg,2,"I wasn't feeling RnR at all!  We don't usually venture into Scottsdale for many reasons, but the siren song of a non-pretentious late night eatery was just calling to us.  Unfortunately, non-pretentious doesn't apply to the prices.  We came shortly after opening day, so I completely forgive the awful service, the place was packed.  I was irritated though when we were told they were only going to be serving sandwiches and burgers, nothing else, even though we were specifically told that this place would have breakfast all day.  Breakfast is what I wanted.  Oh well.  

We ordered the burger and got some mini corn dogs as an appetizer.  The mini corn dogs left a lot to be desired.  They were served with plain ol' ketchup and plain ol' yellow mustard.  Yuck.  The corn dogs were only okay.  The breading around them was way too bread like and it was just lacking in flavor.  The burger was enormous.  Unfortunately, what it lacked any flavor.  I guess what it lacked in flavor it was clearly making up for in size.  The bacon that came on it was equally huge, roughly 2 inches wide and at least 8 inches long... (that's what she said! Ohhhh!)  Anyway, I was obviously not impressed.  We might come back sometime, because their breakfast really does sound wonderful, but hopefully they've figured out how to efficiently serve a busy restaurant by then.",review,W_QXYA7A0IhMrvbckz7eVg,1,0,0
fib0PyPJ2yJO7i8TLnuqXA,2011-04-06,1tuBU55FKBjP_m60P0qt6A,5,"I saw the review below and just thought it was ridiculous. RIDICULOUS. 

Elderly people work here or volunteer. You expect customer service that you'd receive at a high-end store. No. People die and their things that are usually in good condition are donated and are resold at really cheap prices. No, the people there will not be making sure you're finding everything okay, you're on your own... and that's how it should be when you're thrifting.

I usually find great things. Glasswares, books, shoes, purses. They have amazing furniture that is so cheap. They have many half off days and various sales throughout the week.

Just make sure you go on a weekday or Saturday and before 2pm.. all the stores in this plaza close at 4 and are closed Sundays.",review,5Ka8MMYEoZfsU-jZzUt00Q,0,3,0
3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ,2009-12-08,JKOC10z19xzEQGCeXbOvOA,5,"Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a lucky few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.

Everything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so ridiculous good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!

Since it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly better than the last. It was the perfect bite over and over and over again. The ham had a nice little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.

My brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.

I ordered a White Peach Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was spectacular with actual peach puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.

I feel a bit like the blase housewife who just cheated on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm sorry Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out!",review,1kED3-g-gqnc4JgHe89Xqw,13,16,15
HvfefhU4b38wcSulkBzA1A,2012-12-20,zKVQJU2uuhipYIeX9hBqoQ,5,This place is home.,review,23kkvZDxdGVEaIT8PCKq9g,0,0,0
quzkSK2uZEl-j_24vZmdMg,2011-12-21,e2PMUf7ooc4p7ZwHMkNAuA,5,"These guys are great!I  Even though they specialize in Mercedes, they never have a problem with my BMW X5. The owner, Charles, knows what he is doing and never tries to up-sell you on unnecessary work.  Mary (Charles' wife) is a really sweet lady who always gives me a ride home and picks me up when the car is ready.  While Aurohaus doesn't have loaner cars like the dealership, they are extremely competent, trustworthy, and charge reasonable prices for their services.",review,OfdeghMqb1gwh3uJqNpTRQ,0,0,0
7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw,2012-07-08,17OSqK80vcdX7SNHXtJwhw,4,"This is the best place if you want to escape Arizona and feel a bit of wine country. Best place to spend a Sunday afternoon. My favorite part is uncorking a bottle of wine, and ordering lunch to be eaten outdoors. So spring weather is the best. Buy a mini loaf of bread and try their delicious olive oils and spreads...super inexpensive appetizer at just $1.50 and the samples are free.  They offer many sandwiches and the waffles with berries are to die for. Looking forward to trying their pizza...on my next visit. Regardless of what you choose follow up with gellatto...yum or take home some olive oil cupcakes. Delicious and moist...but a little spendy",review,Igd4Gw_08sA2Ngl2AMVEfw,0,0,0
o1GIYYZJjM6nM03fQs_uEQ,2011-09-09,JRCQ_diJvU2Py-UPncudYw,1,"HORRIBLE service - did nothing to correct our experience.

On July 7, 2011, my date  and I arrived around 6:30 pm, well dressed and ready to enjoy a celebratory dinner without any financial limitations. We would have easily spent $250+.

Instead, after an hour of being seated  to review our menus we were never offered more than a cocktail.

Tables around us were receiving quality attention by other servers...complete with the run down of the specials, house favorites, answering questions, etc. We, on the other hand, were lucky to have our make server look at us, much less take us to the next step our level in our dining experience.

When the table behind us, seated a good 15 mins after us, received bread before we were, my date and I decided that was our tipping point and would not stay any longer.

When our server came to ask if we were ready to order we informed him  we would not be staying for dinner  and would like the bill for the cocktail.

Never once did the server apologize, offer what he could do to make things right, etc. 

Needless to say, we were stunned. The hostess thanked us for dining on our way out...again, we both gritted our teeth with frustration. However, later we discovered that after an hour of sitting in the dining room, we were there long enough to enjoy a meal. It's unfortunate we never got the opportunity to, however.

What did go right was...we were promptly seated and the cocktail server provided decent service.",review,0wNFzxEof0RDrWPLjDlwZg,2,4,2
FCcFT610nQBVcRdY-devQA,2011-11-27,XaDM8kVroIocb6bNnzB0-A,5,"wow. this place is a gem.  highly recommend it if you're looking for a great place to take a date or chill with some friends out in the patio over some wine. 

visited friends in the phoenix area over thanksgiving vacation and they took us here on a Saturday night.  i dont know much about the chandler area but this place could easily rival any of the popular wine lounges here in san diego.  

as for food, our group ordered a bunch of the bruschettas, flatbreads and a couple sandwiches to share family style.  we all enjoyed all of it, i especially recommend the fig chutney, that was absolutely amazing.  from the sandwiches, the shrimp blt definitely stuck out as my favorite.  overall, everything was very good and the service was great. 

as for the wine, great selection. the staff was very helpful in helping us pick out the perfect bottle based on what we like. in fact, i think i found my new favorite wine thanks to them.  if you're a wino like me, you'll love this place.  

as for the ambiance, they nailed it.  awesome patio and great decor.  the attention to detail is definitely noticeable. very chill spot. 

ps. check out the door to their wine cellar, i want that in my house. it's gorgeous.",review,mWI0jgWEADAQXO0798TG7w,1,1,1
7TMf1NuuAdvhG7IojZSKnw,2006-11-01,_Dyahb7sgMOvfEtTunG_tg,4,"Zipps is a rocking place with TV screens in all viewable angles. The atmosphere is great and this place really packs it in on game nights like Monday Night Football. Smoking is outside because this place is around the Tempe border. The service is great and the food is even better. Try the chicken tacos!
Good times had by all!
Check it out some time!",review,vrM_uBgwfDQ6bQxGVHdUGQ,0,0,0
QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw,2010-12-29,R4Bxpk5_jhmysfUgimz5Qw,4,Expensive for having grown their own food. Good product and fresh,review,cwWJ6ydDLjl0AUu_KINZww,0,0,0
6yuY73ycyyPiIG3zWkXqPQ,2010-02-03,M0cNAIDg9kwyRCmp9HaQDg,4,"This place has had awesome bread since day one. Whatever else you walk out with is just a bonus. Actually, I have to say that the produce selection is getting noticeably better each time I walk in. I still don't think it's quite suitable for everyday shopping, but it's coming along pretty well.",review,BX9K5JMU-NnjxJaNKxImpQ,0,2,0
b6ZagkhPwEwQCDBB7KkVPA,2008-09-13,qDT07PQru1-stOA0OyJFIQ,3,"Kashman's has great food but you really have to gear yourself up for the rude owner (artichoke lady) and some of the mean, crotchety ladies that work behind the counter. 
This is not a good place to place your order by phone. They're always nasty and short with you on the phone and then when you pick your order up, they get all bent out of shape because you have no place to stand and wait for your order. 
The guys and gals that bus are usually super efficient and very friendly and the food is above average. If you're looking for good food and a verbal lashing from the staff that work there, then Kashman's is your place to eat!!",review,M3H8du5TxqlTY7qJd4FDbw,0,0,0
djYFLq4Bkqpkd14-0IJfug,2011-04-03,KaYVholRn87KrdsXoMRlcw,5,Yum! Healthy selections and delicious flavors!,review,1MGIoKLw1oq8HR15DsIUXg,0,0,0
K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw,2009-03-29,Yi2D8gFYtU80C5CgnZqRkA,3,"I really don't know how to rate Lolo's, because, frankly, this place killed me.  It was only temporary, but I was definitely dead, heart stopped, for a solid five or six seconds.  

Lolo's is serious eats.  So good, it was just painful.  Literally.  I really don't think I can return anytime soon.  I know it's for the best.

I'm nowhere near joking.",review,QxvFfB6XschULUPnZel2Vg,3,2,5
yVQiGdxmnrkJDyQXv2maNA,2010-12-28,AxQD_6Ts84hXyjld6AtreA,4,Very authentic and very good Vietnamese food. Great value for the money and clearly a favorite with the local Vietnamese.  The spring rolls were very tasty and came with a terrific peanut sauce.  They also provide many other typical condiments on the table to spice up your dish.  I had the slice beef Pho and it was delicious!  I'll be back.,review,ewnwxqKtpDv8erOIZkCpjA,0,0,0
trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw,2006-08-24,bTSrBsqYrE7bx7jB4_OX_w,3,"Zoe's get's a solid 3 stars b/c they have the raddest, most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring, albeit sometimes satisfying food.  The chx kabobs are pretty awesome, enough for two people.  Comes with two huge scewers of chx, peppers, cherry tomatoes... over a bed of salad and rice pilaf.  Pretty delish.  The Gruben Sandwich is also a hit.  FYI -- If you don't like Feta, stay away from this place.  They put it on just about everything.  They trully believe in that old addage, ""Feta makes it Betta!""",review,jt8jtEY1K6TD1FBzYa7HGw,2,3,2
cTFq_1sAnQUb9eMZO6FlvQ,2011-06-05,IMrAF5brjL_F0EkhGDCrAw,2,Like many car washes they do what it takes to scrape by.  I am still looking for a place that actually puts a little extra elbow grease into it.  I am tired of being upsold on exterior waxes etc and they cant even take the time to vacuum my seats.,review,wb7P7e3q11TZLxd9QjEmxA,0,1,0
mPGgxatANSPw9KbMluhXkA,2011-02-05,pQMeYHgglnNf8fjtzMJrFA,4,"I'll keep this sweet and to the point, realistically, i'd give this place a 3.5

Pros:
*willing to accommodate food allergens- I've vegan, and super lactose intolerant.
*beautifully decorated restaurant, well plated food.
*the food is made to order, even the sauces.
*I liked some of the inventive touches in their food- my curry with peas, pumpkin, baby corn.
*one of our companions asked for extra sauce and they very kindly made more

Cons:
*Portions are ridiculously small for the price.  Everyone at our table of 9 ordered a separate entree, and no own was full, even the ones who got appetizers.
*My throat was killing me, so I asked for some warm water, instead of iced, while I looked over the menu- they brought back water that was colder than room temp, without the ice and I was politely informed that this is what they had.  But I wonder how in the world they serve hot tea on the menu, if they don't have hot water in the kitchen.  
*Some of the veggies in my curry were undercooked (think aldente potato)

All in all the flavor of the food was good, but 1 cup of rice and 1.5 cups of curry does not a 18 dollar entree make. You really are paying for the ambience and customer service.

If i had a special occasion, i'd prolly visit here again, but when i'm needing a thai-fix, there are other places around town that have equally great food, without the upcharge.",review,fNwxFRCdfa5jX5-smziurw,0,0,0
oajNY_oTIMb7YZsor7Xonw,2011-03-14,3CPuYkZubcFUdQqVB8h6NQ,4,"Home to the Mariners and Padres Spring Facilities, Peoria Sports Complex is a pretty great place to take in the action. I have seen a decent number of games here over the years. Most recently I saw a weekend game sitting out on the lawn. It does not get much better than relaxing on the lawn, watching some baseball, hanging out with your friends, and getting some color in the 80 degree heat. 

The practical details: (1) there are a TON of food options. Maybe too many, if you believe in such a thing. Food of all kinds is everywhere. You can get all the standard ball park fare and some more exotic things, too, like noodle dishes, sushi, fry bread, etc. (2) Ticket prices are good - sit up close for 20 bucks on down to the lawn for 6 bucks. You can't beat it for getting up close to the action (3) Parking is only 5 bucks in the lot, which I think is really decent, but if you want to walk a little further you could find street parking across the street.

BEST DEAL IN THE PARK: $9 for a 32oz. soda with unlimited refills. A large one is $5 and not as big, so if you get even two this is a great deal. On the hot day I was there we filled the sucker up three times and once more before we left. Well worth it.

In short, if you're doing the Spring Training thing definitely come to Peoria. It's super relaxed and one of the best places to enjoy some baseball. You will want to keep coming back!",review,NqeD28GGg1Wdj9BfaHqr4g,2,2,0
IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA,2010-08-26,TT-6PvXKmu3C5kkc9iS7Fg,5,"If I could only eat at one place for the rest of my life, it would have to be at FnB. This is ultimate comfort food for me - with the bulk of the menu highlighting local in-season organic vegetables from McClendon and other local farms. Charleen prepares dishes that pay the ultimate homage to the vegetable and the farmer with perfect seasoning, contrast, balance and temperatures. 

Beyond vegetables, the housemade burrata was light as a cloud and shrimp grilled to perfection on the mesquite. Dishes at FnB are simple but often the simplest dishes are the hardest to get right as there is nothing to hide behind - ingredients have to be fresh and of the highest quality and execution must be perfect. Charleen and her crew strike it out of the park almost every time.

Service is professional, attentive and friendly. Pavle and his team make you feel right at home, which is the other reason why I would happily eat here everyday.",review,8WQubmP7G0NM3IyzyMnCEA,3,2,1
_uy2i0KjsilMG0kGHr9q8Q,2012-11-25,_B5LP2SYPwavTKm1SrsBzA,4,"Recently, I found myself in downtown Mesa looking for a place to sit an write a while while my son went to a concert - I had 4-5 hours to kill. I planned visiting one of the coffee houses within a 5 mile radius but my lack of familiarity with Mesa made that a disagreeable prospect. Fortunately, I noticed Lo-Fi Coffee, which was literally part of the concert venue building, before I began my trek. Lo-Fi was a comfortable place that served good coffee. But what made me a fan of Lo-Fi was the barista, an Air force vet who was friendly and went out of his way to make me comfortable (they closed at 9 and he let me sit in  until 9:30 - concert lasted until midnight). If I lived closer, or if Lo-Fi opened shop nearer where i live, I would go back again.",review,MKZh-O5OLJcR1exReXhJHQ,1,1,1
0db71MbrvcJnyk71COCJBg,2010-12-26,ghQRCJANXdMuYwtaPJAuPA,4,"This place is old school.  i.e. you don't come here for the service, or the ambiance (especially since it's in a scary part of town).  You come for the food.  Come with a group of friends, whether for dim sum or a late night dinner.  You need a group of people, I hate coming here when its just mean and three others.  I like to taste and sample lots of goodies.  They have great live seafood (a must in my book) where you can walk by and see what looks good that day.  Be brave and check it out!",review,vhxFLqRok6r-D_aQz0s-JQ,1,1,0
Ay840nDkj5qfHTAKSrb1Sw,2009-05-29,w00HQ1YXGJdbH4-Nc07KvQ,4,"I liked this place...it's a little dark.  I went in the middle of the day so there was probably more workers there than movie goers.  And the staff looked pretty bored actually.

3 bucks ain't bad for a movie.  I thought the place was clean and a decent selection of movies and refreshments.  I come from a small town so even this theatre is an upgrade for me.

For three dollars I will most definately be hitting this place more often.",review,Tj_9R74Z9C8N6pbhgj4xJw,0,1,1
V9i9LnTg9H2XvzqCVBSOXg,2011-10-11,86x4Nu0sh7-Fp6u3XEPLmw,1,"They served us stale rice.  Average main dishes, not as flavorful.  Not enough meat in the lamb dishes.  Overpriced.",review,RL9-QudgjWYw9l78d__uyA,0,0,0
u8bQvtkVa5lW-SNwRLH6Vg,2008-03-01,tm0R3WQhselebf5mOSe5OA,4,"Very pleased with this World Market.  The prices are good for the wine glasses I've bought there (good selection too!).  The wine is good everyday wine, and priced reasonably.  The help is always friendly and courteous, and the food section---(well, I've been there at least 6 times, and I always seen to find something new in the food section!).
The only reason I give it four stars instead of five, is the parking arrangement and it is not easy to get into its' parking lot.... I think the prices here ae better than Pier One....By far!",review,meuqHEjGCmrO3zDlr6OU7w,2,2,0
xz1fQwwVAhqA9MsmMaGyZA,2010-12-01,lNe79WfSsizAHth7ZPmkfg,3,"Taberna and Ninfa's are owned by the same restaurant group out of Houston.  Is it a coincidence that the FTR for Taberna is by someone who has only reviewed both of these spots and gave each five stars?  I think not.

Here's my objective review:

Taberna is in the Scottsdale Seville where Roy's used to be.  They have a large outside patio that will be great when the weather is nice.

I ate lunch at the bar and enjoyed chatting with the friendly bartender.  The menu is upscale Mexican food.  

I liked the basket of chips they brought out to start.  It came mixed with chips and plantains and two nice salsas.

I also ordered the al carbon steak enchiladas.  They were good and spicy served with what I believe was a mole sauce.

Overall the quality of the food was good but a little expensive.  I would come back, but it's not at the top of my list.",review,Kqvfep2mxS10S50FbVDi4Q,1,0,0
k76odRRsXPErPzB0gjn-3g,2012-11-28,4F3HauOCtY1qJ2wFcKLDeQ,4,"We had a fun, early dinner on the patio here at BoomBozz.  The advertised happy hour specials appeared to be a very good value; my fave was the soft pretzels & cheese.  I also had the wedge salad and it was excellent - they don't skimp on the blue cheese!  My son had the pepperoni pizza and even his discriminating palate was very happy.  A crisp blonde draft (for me) and ice cream (for him) polished us off and we left full & happy.",review,fiyOnIEKBOgj00NJLwDBVg,6,5,4
qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ,2010-11-16,N3pKA0BolUov4o4amvX4CQ,3,"I had lunch here and had the sashimi tuna salad. It was fresh and tasty. I also ordered the miso soup which was actually quite good. Real chopped mushrooms and scallions and it wasn't too salty. It didn't taste like standard powdered miso that you would get at an average japanese restaurant. I also tried the cucumber lemonade which was quite good. Overall the service was attentive and our food came out promptly. My coworker had the seared tuna sliders and sweet potato hash which he looked pleased with. The portions were perfect for what we were in the mood for which was just something really light. It's a great place for lunch, the ambiance is nice especially if you're sitting on the patio. I'm not a huge fan of fusion style restaurants so it gets a 3 star rating out of me, but it's a nice place for a quick healthy meal if you're in the area.",review,5RcTRr4GmKcYpjB9_6-Rqw,0,0,0
YKDyaK3TKoZRCEgwnhczkA,2008-07-13,OYzuUknSKM3ahvuXvO3VtA,5,"Two weeks after I dropped off my computer for service with the Geek Squad I got it back with a new screen and hand rest.  They said 3 weeks and I got it in two!!!  And the open-box computer I purchased to use while mine was in the shop was returned with no problems. 

I was so happy we purchased a new Toshiba DVD player for $40. Who knew that DVD players could be so cheap?  I've been using it all day and it works beatifully.",review,SBbftLzfYYKItOMFwOTIJg,1,1,0
c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA,2009-08-05,Or8fekxdMzZdF_Xvg0TYaw,5,"i'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, i thoroughly enjoy sinking my teeth into a thick juicy piece of medium-rare steak. and i love eggs in the morning and chicken tacos at 2am. i am also very hesistant to try anything the attempts to substitute for meat, because i think it's just psychologically strange. BUT ever since my friend turned me onto green about 2 years ago, i've had nearly everything on the menu. and never been disappointed or grossed out by anything.

my favorites: number one absolutely has to be the mexi-cali burger. i could eat these everyday. it has the flame-broiled taste of a real burger and even the bright red color of raw meat, but don't let it freak you out. it also comes with hummus, bright orange nacho cheese, and chipotle sauce. this burger is SPIIICCYYYY so beware. their fries are crispy and perfectly seasoned. also love their soy ice cream treats, soy-namis, my favorite being the raisin with captain crunch. their lime-ade, lemon-ade, and teas are always fresh and delicious. i also love the diablo red bowl which is another dish for spicy-lovers and comes with fresh roasted eggplant (yummmm) and tomatos. 

their pita chips and hummus are to die for. they're crispy chips which i enjoy better than just a regular pita being served with hummus. and their buffalo wings are almost as good as the real thing.

green nails vegetarian and healthy mock ups of american food right on the head.",review,HY9qpAamqLXFoa7xMwNntg,1,2,2
eGevCRobYnA_HSj60sEWvQ,2012-06-01,N3Cq3ayOoUJqvdTB16qlNw,4,"I LOVE PITA JUNGLE! Why aren't they in Chicago?! Damn this unhealthy meat-lovin city! Let's try something different...

Anything I've had here was remarkable, and I've tried a couple of different Phoenix-based locations, so they're doing something right. Try the jalapeño hummus for a great spin to a Greek dish, and if you're really hungry, I highly recommend any of their lavosh pizzas. My favorite though? The Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza, of course! It is delicious and mouth-watering.

I deduct 1 star solely for the fact that their parking lot is VERY inconvenient and way too crowded.",review,NWCaFYFDoj77ouA9kEI_kw,0,1,0
NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg,2008-11-21,Km2Xi1TjNegRlEczdim4QA,4,"Love the veggie rolls ! Also, the saki bombs are quite bomb =)",review,HFIuj45MwNx-cJkTamazSQ,0,0,0
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2007-11-19,gGlA2hAnvqof5BOj484raQ,5,"Contrary to the reviwers below...I love Matt's. Yeah the wait is long...the place is small...once I went in the summer and I was sweating in my coffee...

BUT....

This is Phoenix people. When the breakfast choices are a tasty meal at Circle K (heated under heat lamps) or Denny's and IHOP, you can't beat Matt's. 

I love breakfast. I eat breakfast everywhere I travel on business. I have never had a better breakfast than at Matt's. Fresh ingredients, great food, excellent bread and jam...kick $ss hashbrowns.

I wish the place was bigger (and cooler) and the wait not so long. But as a special breakfast treat...you can't beat it.  Just bring your own fan.",review,gdLc6dq1NpjHj47WBUNZ_A,1,0,0
PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g,2009-01-04,s7XJdtzYc6TdB5NN-hi76Q,4,"Ate here kind of randomly on New Year's Day, and it was pretty great!  I was looking for a hangover solution and the food here really hit the spot.  Great selection of breakfast items and friendly service.  The southern scramble that I had was delish.  The coffee flowed as readily as the wine had on the previous evening, so I walked out of Scott's ready to face the new year (right after the nap that I planned).  Also, sitting outside was some of the most interesting people watching I had experienced in years.",review,Oq5CYkB4dQE_wmPgHu51bg,2,1,1
fIKyldfAWFJOTT1mHWw6gQ,2007-05-11,tWkjlwwmivawiyyCN67xyQ,5,"For the past ten years (ever since FunSports occupied the same unit), this place has been the one-stop shop for my biking needs.  From BMX at age 13 to road cycling in adulthood, SMC usually has what I'm looking for.  The prices don't really compete with larger chains like Performance, but they are reasonable and the service more than makes up for the difference.  When I was getting into road cycling, the guys at the shop were very helpful with selection, fit, and pricing.  A+!",review,kDJ9PRlYugp5RIa9ontPZg,1,2,1
jbKVbSz51F8IcewsiRQu4A,2008-10-16,6uA3CfgALceuzRYs6bdtmQ,4,"My favorite place for Dim Sum! I have been going to Dim Sum since I was a kid with my Asian mom. I especially like this place because it serves alot of shrimp dishes, and thats what my family loves. I usually go on a sunday. It can be a long wait, but I never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. The grounds are fun, there are a few places to see..like the koi pond out back and the bridge and gardens. I have been to San Francisco's china town for dim sum and this beats it! The only thing is, sometimes you have to wait for something you like to come around, and by then it isnt as piping hot. Especially if your seated on the outskirts of the dining area.",review,qlbiTIcn1-hDeHhEF1PLyg,1,1,1
YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w,2012-01-18,IQiXH35tIDCfZqN6ELrMnQ,4,"Some buddies and I went to Scottsdale for a golfing boondoggle last week and a couple of guys in the know directed us to The Mission.

DANG!

We let our server, Jonathan, drive the car so to speak.  He quizzed us on our likes and dislikes and brought us our orders (we didn't specifically order).  We had 7 people in our group and every plate was spot on.  
We started with the chicken (thigh) tostadas and the crispy cola pork belly tostadas.  They were great; particularly the pork belly ones.  MAN were those good.  My dinner was the Chorizo Porchetta which brought a big hunk of slow cooked pork that shredded beautifully.  Along side this hunka hunka porky love was a salt block carrying 10 small corn tortillas to build little tacos from.  Some tasty accompaniments: sauce, onion, & cilantro, finished the presentation.  It was a fantastic dish.  The other 6 dishes were just as great.  To note: the honey chipotle grits that my buddy got were super tasty.  Especially when you dumped some of their ghost chili sauce (forget what it was called).  Desert was the Pumpkin bread pudding (YUM!) and fried bananas.  

All in all, a fantastic place.  Really good.",review,NIzF5MMddl12972ID8loRw,0,0,0
-O7H5LhBkE13VQZB0QZI0Q,2012-06-17,Jwxsz2CEdLOyKGEoBUUQMQ,1,Not lesbian/gay friendly at all. I should have read the previous review before going.,review,HOAFwraJMBTcYy1qTmFmgQ,0,0,0
dC6rDLGRoch_DOZk5kLkWw,2012-01-03,UtWkrTUFhMjXQbXb7iW--w,4,"Good Whole Foods location overall... The workers are very nice and attentive, and the food selection is good! Not the biggest Whole Foods I've ever been to, though.",review,P-y83T3BpOTneosph713dA,0,0,0
gqLWBFxOKag8dXwVxEvTrg,2009-03-18,HV_FhhqsGQS_iMTpDBfvsA,5,"I'm almost hesitant to tell you about my favorite sushi place because it's already pretty busy...  But oh well.  I love Sakana.  It's a comfortable restaurant, I don't feel like I have to get all dressed up to go there.  Don't let the fact that it's in a strip mall turn you off, inside is small, but nice.  Their sushi chefs are always very professional and keep their bar very clean- that's so important when dealing wih sashimi.  We've taken a lot of people to Sakana and it has never disappointed.  We have tried almost all their special rolls and love their sashimi too.  Their service staff are authentic and sweet.   I've never been disappointed.

Now....stay away...cause I don't want to wait for a table....",review,CJOjw2P9zkPxOnnmrY6KjA,0,0,0
v1zN2kMLLB3B-D8FTEOWkQ,2012-07-31,fmPEuNP0a6WYYmy1RTzRsQ,1,"We used to go to this UPS store quite frequently and had been satisfied with their service, but it has been at least a year since we regularly patronized the place.  However, we had a really unprofessional experience here recently.  We went there for rotary services for purchase of home which one employee refused to do and handed off to another employee (because as she under her breath, notary services were a pain).  This employee could not help us either as ""he had never seen anything like it, and he didn't know  want to  have anything to do with something that had power of attorney on it.""  I guess we are one of the first people around here to sell a home. While we waited for this man to do something, the employee who handed off our paperwork, tried and failed to scan a document to email and was quite verbal and (sorry) hickish about these ""stupid"" machines.  After looking at all was going on, we didn't want anyone here handling our notary services.  Eek - felt like we dodged a bullet.  Also, don't think I will be going there for any other services.  I felt like my IQ dropped 20 points when I went in there.",review,nPbt-JysLj9vuAkODo3X1A,0,0,0
qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w,2008-03-31,7tFUmc1mn0z0qgoprkoY2A,5,"Another place that is really serene and makes you forget you are in a large city! I really liked the Desert Botanical Gardens and I am totally not into flowers or botany!  We had been to DBG once before for Luminarias, but it was so dark that we couldn't see much. I'm glad we returned in the daylight.

We took my inlaws yesterday after brunch and they absolutely loved DBG. My father-in-law is totally into photography, so DBG was awesome for him. We saw tons of people with cameras, so it is a photographer's haven.  I really had no clue there were so many types of cactus. There are hands on activities scattered throughout (probably for kids on field trips) and boards with information, which comes in handy on the Sonoran Desert Trail when you want to figure out which mountain in the distance is Camelback, Piestewa, Four Peaks, etc.  We saw little lizards, hummingbirds, quail, and ground squirrels while wondering around as well.

There is much to see and you can get through the gardens as quickly or as leisurely as you would like. We spent about two and a half hours there, which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day.",review,jqVeTSin5GeRm0ceSg-PBA,6,5,4
9Ep4sguv3HH_8lWyzSogjw,2012-02-22,gi17Rp-HyIEJ6turV-EZDw,5,"I indulged big time at Indulge Burgers & More during Fat Tuesday yesterday.  There are a tremendous variety, including many healthy options such as a turkey or veggie burger.  The best part I like is that you can build your own burger with all sorts of yummy toppings.  I had the turkey burger, and the turkey was one of the best I have ever tasted.  Sometimes you can taste like of the darker meats and fatty parts, but I felt like this burger was very clean and lean.  I would highly recommend the sweet potatoe fries that you can order.  You can deep those fries in what tastes like a warm marshamallow dip.   The price is not too bad either for what I call a luxury burger.",review,AkJFqLqHHAKY3H5R8p7cPQ,0,0,1
Trar_9cFAj6wXiXfKfEqZA,2013-01-01,kWe7WzAeLPnz6aBz0RCTeA,5,"Bosa Donuts at Southern and Mcklintock in Tempe is part of a strip mall that I have been visiting since I was just a kid. Except, back then, Bosa Donuts was a Taco Bell. A few years back Taco Bell moved a half mile down the road into a new building and Bosa Donuts set up shop. About a year ago I discovered another new store in this strip mall which is Fallout Games, an awesome video game store. For this entire last year I've been driving past Bosa on my way out of the complex after visiting Fallout Games and taking a curious look as I drive by but until this week I had never tried it. After reading all the positive Yelp reviews, I had to give it a go.

Well, first off, It's 24 hours, which is huge in my book since I'm almost always up until four or five in the morning. The drive through display is lighted and shows their menu but you have to actually order by pulling up to the window. Since I was there at 3am I asked what was fresh at the moment and the guy was very patient and helpful with listing off what he had available. I just got a few frosted donuts (or raised, as they call them) and was on my way. Right off the bat, I noticed the box was pretty heavy. I only ordered a half dozen but it felt at least as heavy as it does when I get a dozen at Dunkin Donuts. When I got home, I opened the box and realized their donuts are at least thirty percent bigger than Dunkin Donuts of Krispy Kreme.

Anyway, the donuts are awesome. Best tasting donuts I've ever had. I probably shouldn't make it a habit to come here twice a week, if I want to live past forty, but I'll definitely be stopping by once or twice a month from now on. Hope this place sticks around.",review,GyOwPYGX7-ntxcmvK5Ac0g,0,0,0
ics35glmd7JXtY3qrq3jxw,2011-03-08,MQ0RIVUsLLyzVW00rQuTWA,4,Still a fan. I'm incredibly impressed one of the staff even remembered my name and my last purchase on a return visit.,review,9zp_JEmUScBI1lx9RuxGiA,0,1,0
WxpCYziMlEy8mrEa_VcB1w,2012-12-07,CBJQBj6yDRmVESmWqCyUjA,2,"Summary: not impressed.

Arrived early afternoon, ironically maybe that was the problem - there wasn't enough going on, place was dead. I would have hoped that a restaurant manager would realize that the few customers they may have at a slow time are just as important as those on a Friday night rush - standards are standards, you either have them or you don't.

Waitress was pleasant but not attentive - with a total of 3 occupied tables had to get up and get her attention for more chips. Chips though were very good; needed hotter salsa.

My friend had the steak fajitas; tasted OK but just luke warm. Fajitas are supposed to be sizzling hot; duh.

I had a so-so tamale and chicken enchilada. Enchilada was just warm, mostly a flat layer of cheese. Tamale filling was tasty shredded meat (as it should be) but corn meal was barely warm and almost tasted only partially cooked. Refried beans weren't warm enough to even melt the grated cheese sprinkled on top, which consequently then pulled off in a single congealed mass when I took a bite. 

Finally, the Cadillac margaritas were just average at best. 

$50 plus tip for two meals plus two margaritas; not worth it.

The place looked promising and has a cute patio area but we won't be back - someone's not watching the store. I'm trying to be generous with the two stars as some other Yelpers seem to like this place; maybe things can get better.",review,r63D6SDvVnl61L5ASo1Csg,0,0,0
2nzUx_M8Szyzsf4CszHasw,2012-06-25,egym0nlAOtzV5KdxozAe1Q,5,We went there right before my Grandma's 100th birthday.  There were about 20 of us.  The place was busy but we called ahead and they put our name in even though we still didn't have a final count of people.  The place was busy but I know why.  EVERYONE had a different dish and we all loved it.  Everyone wanted to taste each others food because we all liked it so much.  We all seem to think we are food critics and we loved this place.  Extensive menu and they seemed to nail everything we had!  The staff was amazing and would go back in a heartbeat!,review,UofojaVIT3m8qPXHl9J0nw,0,0,0
xcOncADGPr9eki8OU5Ln7g,2011-07-21,sOegvt2fE5rbv1tckoo2Iw,5,Definitely the best choice of eating chinese food in the city where you have limited good Asian food around. The Singapore street noodle (curry noodle) is always been my favorite and the crab wonton is just a great appetizer to start! I also like their orange beef! Definitely worth to eat for!,review,59pVYStY0yKpRmODFIfDww,0,0,0
Nc2TtVj6py6dHH_XdWAKRQ,2011-05-21,JgiKP6v5TNi6NNxqjwkf5w,5,"""You want a piece of me?"" said the gargantuan mango tango eggees cup. I said ""YES, I DO!"" and give me a big ol veggie samich and some fries to go with my brain freeze thank you very much. 

Todays order is same ol same ol 12 inch whole wheat extra veggie grinder with extra crispy fries and a bigee flavor (mango tango) $6.50 w/ the captain card. How can you beat this kind of scratch for two people. you cannot.

It was Yuuuummmmae!

Unfortunately there is not much choice for vegan here but its all about the eegees!


I now will add eegees to Best vegan for the money! and to Best far away vegan. 

Check it! you will be glad you did!

Review time
Curbage: 10 I really like the fancy shmancy new eegees,but I like all eegees
P factor: 10 very clean as usual
Ordering: 10 no wait at all
Meal arrival: 10 even with extra crispy fries it was fast
Taste test: 10 yummy today and the mango tango is now my second fav to cherry cider

Summary: 10 Thank you eegees! see you next month.

Late gordo",review,gDFL_qyyCVcpmdTdCfU_gQ,0,0,0
W4eKE-fT24h_8b7apHh12g,2011-05-25,cNKP5FvfCcmWSBu4OuEMWA,3,Decent food at a good price. Bargain lunch specials in a good atmosphere.,review,y-wRMqFtawAekwYQMoJ4HA,0,0,0
nd1hq7xxzrL_s420QqhDjw,2009-12-16,UoFzznahZJq9LVU7WZG4eg,5,"I was also roped in with a flier on my door, and ordered this a month or so ago when they had their deal for free cookies, salad, and drink with a pizza order.  Upon delivery, I was given another coupon for the same deal and a few weeks later received a handwritten thank you note for ordering with them and a coupon for a free order of cheesy bread, no purchase necessary.  Needless to say, this has become a go-to pizza option for me.  4 stars for food taste and quality, an extra for great service and good deals.
Salad is pretty average but good enough for me with a pizza, pizza is particularly good, cookies are awesome, cheesy bread is cheesy enough but not just a pile of melted cheese.  Their sauce is really tasty- tastes fresh and not too sweet.  Delivery is free, and on time.  The longest time I've been quoted for a pizza (at 7:00 on a Saturday) was 45 minutes, and they got there in 23 minutes (I wasn't timing them but I did notice how quick they got there).  They have a hot'n'ready special that's only a dollar more than Little Sleazer's and ten times better.  And if you don't think it's good, you get your money back.  So really, you should just try it.  Okay?  Okay.",review,Zq1J3jo27l5m2ntTZPOSgA,0,0,0
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA,2010-09-27,M_bnwy1RWODDcAi3C0JU-w,3,"First I want to thank Hula for saving my date night.  We headed out for Postino Central for their wine and bruchetta special on a Tuesday and were disappointed to find out there was an hour wait.   So we headed up central looking for an alternative. I saw Hula and remembered I've wanted to try it for while, so that's where we ended up.  I started with a blood orange martini and sweet potato fries.  The martini was awesome, but I have to say the fries had potential, but they weren't crispy.  For dinner I had the Jamaican jerk tofu.  It was pretty flavorful and the corn cakes and plantains that came with it were a nice addition.   The meal was good, the service was great and the overall ambiance was chill yet urbane.  It wasn't the best place I've ever been, but I'll definitely go back. I love that there are several vegetarian options to choose from, so I'm eager to see how the other entrees turn out with tofu.",review,Zwtx7FLZcK5F2P0-Tz8mHg,1,1,1
FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ,2008-12-23,evzFA-eKu9xjIlpyP3KcCg,4,"this place is growing on me. i wasn't a big fan at the beginning thinking they cater to the yuppy crowd that wants to be seen. i still think that's the case, but i think people truly go for the atmosphere and good food. the vig cobb is really tasty and you just can't go wrong with sweet potato fries...my weakness! the interior is really cool and creative and the vibe is casual and friendly. lunch hour tends to get a little busy, but they have a decent amount of seating for such a small place.",review,tTa7FOsuzCMJNyM9d4Riew,1,1,0
9yKzy9PApeiPPOUJEtnvkg,2010-05-08,yLDTP6tFzKTd6RAYP0mrgg,2,"I so wanted to love this place. I'd heard great things about the food, love the concept and was looking forward to a wonderful experience. What a disappointment. 

We were seated within 20 minutes or so of arrival, which was great considering the crowd. It was nice to have somewhere to walk around, and we were able to serve ourselves tea and coffee while we waited. 

Once seated, however, it took 20 minutes for anyone to take our order, and another 45 for the food to come. Our food arrived cold. Husband and I both ordered eggs ""over medium;"" mine were runny and undercooked, his were hard and scaly. ""Home fries"" were a mound of mushy, under-seasoned potatoes. We were offered jam when the food came, but the waitress never returned with it. My husband asked one of the other staff if they had any jam, received a curt, ""yes"" as a reply, but they didn't offer to help in any way. 

For the prices (average $10 plus $2.25 for a self-serve drink), I can think of many places I'd rather spend my dining dollars. Yes, the grounds are lovely and I like that most of the food is from local suppliers (which does not mean it was raised on THIS farm, BTW), but there are many lovely patios in Phoenix with much better food and service.",review,m011mMHSFa3nXSk5anCVKA,0,0,0
UIGFrEcoDsw05I1UOrxdOA,2012-01-01,0vX6RbUei3HY6y9el3fhSw,5,"Delicious yet again! Pho, garlic green beans, papaya salad...they can do no dish wrong. The owner, Justina, is hip, cool, gorgeous and awesome! It's BYOB so bring a nice wine or beer...no corking fee so don't forget to tip well!

If you're eating and there's a big line of others waiting, please do what we do and go across the street to gelato so that other people don't have to wait an hour.",review,rviVgJFfVSBKEyRFFkH05A,0,1,0
H8nW4fDIaeIs-g-c2zkiTA,2011-12-14,0LSY_YArQS6a6yPJAph2aA,4,"One of my favorite boutiques in Scottsdale, I can always find something I don't need but have to have at Elan.  Lisa and her entire staff are friendly, helpful, and always have great suggestions.  They keep the inventory fresh and edgy.  Some of the pieces I've gotten there never fail to get compliments.  It can be a little pricy, but everything I've gotten there is well-made and things I'll wear again and again so... Lisa puts on some great events and really engages with her customers.",review,ky5-mOk8-9M-NlLr8Jh8rA,1,0,0
c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA,2011-12-30,lv1gDBn5FfVv5MGHxeUDRA,3,"For vegan fare, it's passable. I liked the food, but not totally in love with it. The teas were the best though, and didn't have any dessert but it sounded amazing.",review,EtMfNbEe6ngq6a4p3y3cWQ,0,0,0
D1T1jtCfTfXD-cQE3QViow,2012-09-20,fcjwUTuRrgi66nZZb-Tb9w,2,"I really liked Joe's; the food and service was always good. But one bad experience has me wondering if I will ever return. The problem I had was with the service. We walked in on a weekday around 11, the place was pretty packed and there was only one server on the floor. We grabbed a table and waited about 10 minutes before she came over with water. We told her were ready to order, to which she replied ""I am really busy and have other people who need to order ahead of you."" In my 16 years as a chef, I have never heard a server say that. She didn't even offer to bring us coffee or anything. If anyone from Joe's is reading this, here's a little crash course in restaurant 101...if a customer says they're ready to order, TAKE THEIR DAMN ORDER! Anyway, we ended up walking out. Guess we'll be eating exclusively at Matt's Big Breakfast from now on.",review,9oSiU2b45v5HwkkvgrXYBg,0,1,0
QQ-lSbz4ARm1MQA5z8-nAw,2008-05-16,OooQ5FVrs9cyEcwp7EaYrw,4,"Aww, too bad these guys went out of business.  I actually only went there one time, I live in Chandler, so it's just a little out of the way.  But I stopped through the drive-thru and thought if I lived near-by this would be my coffee place.  Whoever took my order that day was very friendly.",review,9VPNlcKsL99FvKtz1r9qJg,0,1,0
MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ,2009-09-11,DZbyjwQYc72n0MhoL6GBHg,5,"Marcellino and Sima are finally back after their yearly 1 month Italy vacation (re-opened September 10th)....and are we glad they are back!  

We had a fabulous duo appetizer: fresh fig and prosciutto and the second was a filet (carpaccio) with shaved mushroom and black truffle!  Delicious!  I've always been a fan of prosciutto and melon, but the fresh fig was tremendous!

Marcellino also brought us a fresh black truffle cream for his crusty bread, mmmm, amazing.  I don't think you can get this anywhere (fresh), even here if you ask for it, but we were lucky to be in the right place at the right time!

Pasta duo was tortellini with even more truffles and a wild boar pappardelle.  Best hand made pastas anywhere.  Perfect!

Main course was a perfectly cooked filet with his mashed potatoes and julienned vegetables...and more truffles!  So right...so full!  I'm so glad we had an hour spinning class before embarking on this journey!

We ended up skipping desert and had some left over to go!  What a perfect Italian dinner paradise!

We can't wait to go back for opera night...and of course we are waiting for his next wine dinner.  Best in the valley.",review,LT3L8-tthzD0IakgXm81pw,2,2,0
jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q,2012-04-22,6AvhXtIv9Z89aHY1y9WUXQ,5,"When I found out that they do banquets here, I was quick to make a reservation for a wedding rehearsal dinner.  The service was as good as it gets...period.  The food choices my wife and I had to decide on were plentiful, and the result was beyond fantastic!  From the appetizers, to the main courses and finishing with yummy dessert...this place rocks.",review,cCwj4RJSKU4-o9ZZ1VTtmA,1,1,0
2Rcde1wjg6FeczFB3TwS4A,2010-07-05,EOW1LE_LVYX0kmvCh9rU9g,4,"Fun Fun Fun!  If you're looking for some fun for your kids or you just need to get out some stress yourself, come here.  Enjoy the adrenaline release you can get by shooting at other people in a dark maze with your laser gun while trying not to get shot yourself. This place is great. :)",review,9IoWmskJG2sz7hEFAfqV3g,0,1,0
EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw,2009-04-27,LwcpYSsDA0aPsCLWf_juMA,5,"Fez is RIGHT down the street from where I work, hence due to its location + general fabulousness, it has become a regular spot for happy hour.

Here's What we LOVE about Fez:
-Sweet Potato Fries (sooo good--sprinkled with cinnamon by the way)
-Kisra and Hummus!
-The Black Bean Burger (the first time I ordered it, I asked the server: ""Now, is this one of those really bad black bean burgers or does it actually taste good?""  She said, ""I totally know what you mean, no this one is good.""-and she was right!)
-Margarita Mondays (aka 2 for one Margaritas--check out the pomegranate one!!)
-The atmosphere--blue and green tones while still being warm
-The friendly service
-The close proximity to light rail

Here's what we don't like as much:
-The slow service (sometimes it gets kind of bad, I feel like you have to be an active restaurant goer and hail down your server--otherwise you may never get to order, get more water/another drink, or get your check)
-When happy hour ends (I mean, who likes that anywhere?)

Fez makes me very happy to work in downtown Phoenix.",review,nx2PS25Qe3MCEFUdO_XOtw,2,3,1
VkdjWDnu5EDqT8PIhb4y3A,2009-05-05,GBQaJ5vmW9Jnrtt8MLXKpA,4,"We stopped in here on a hot summer afternoon, grumpy because we had been on a wild goose chase for mint. Couldn't find it anywhere, like Fry's, Basha's, or TJ's, even in those teeny tiny overpriced little packages. They have it here in big bunches for something ridiculous like 59 cents. Since we had friends coming over for mojitos, this made me happy! It's just about mojito season again, so I'll be headed back to this location. The produce section was large and had some good-looking stuff in it. The location isn't really too scary.",review,8VGcy_9Pbcn_oa0eCxSGow,2,0,0
24qSrF_XOrvaHDBy-gLIQg,2010-11-04,H3uoWZiwzZ4zwTFKh10wLg,3,"Average Cajun food, nothing special.  I came here late on a Tuesday night.  Few people there.  It's a dive of a place in a strip mall.  A bluesman was playing nice quiet blues on an electric guitar...very nice.  Kinda scruffy place with all the basic Cajun staples.  Nothing fancy.  Decent brews.  I think the bar tender was waiting tables.  I probably won't be back, but I had heard it was great and wanted to try it.  I think I like more upscale digs and fancier/pricier fare.",review,F82JoyU1Y5yFuSeKfGxoAA,0,0,0
MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA,2011-04-30,6khLfob_dUoYcDWk6FMXfQ,3,"I decided to give this place a whirl yesterday on my lunch about 5pm from work  the space was nice open airy the staff from front of the house to The wait staff all were very friendly linens on the tables as well as linen napkins the only thing was the menu was a little lack luster the appetizer selection was fair. Hummus,tzatziki  , served w/flat bread ,selection of olives a couple of pork belly selections I had the lamb burger I ordered medium it was served a more rare but was still good the did offer some higher priced entrees and there were other selections of burgers and sandwiches thus the name gastro pub  they had some good beers on tap",review,kJyR4gT1pfCcNjEY9-YMoQ,0,0,0
ZmPD_EkSQX0QP9jB2bv13Q,2012-03-17,2tjXPUf8vtKGoojtM7YI6A,5,i go to debon every 3 weeks for aki the hairdresser.  she's very nice and asks you a lot of quesitons to make sure you get what you want.  she is reasonably priced.,review,fksrAfKZYrhCzOjUIoFudw,0,0,0
Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA,2010-07-23,jyiqDgqKJKrEHC61s7hj9Q,4,"I just went here for lunch.  I really have nothing to add to the other reviews on here because they pretty much all sum it up.  It gets crowded, the ordering process is a clusterfuk, they place looks sketchy and dirty, the staff is very friendly and helpful, yada yada.  The place isn't worth all the hype but definitely is worth a visit if you are in the mood for something unique.  Its not the healthiest or highest quality cuisine, but it is a pretty solid place and worth a shot.

* Jerk Chicken = very good
* Pollo Diablo = spicy and awesome and my stomach is going to hate me later
* Jade Red Chicken = excellent
* Pork Fried Rice = very good
* Red Salsa Stuff = excellent
* Refried Beans = standard
* Snickerdoodle Cookie = awesome",review,rLtl8ZkDX5vH5nAx9C3q5Q,1,2,1
PwxvN0SnAGPdqXdNEYVT3g,2010-09-02,tjVEbTBYmO12fFADcald5g,2,"A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, Bliss is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my favorite restaurants.

Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an odor of mildew and dirty water, which isn't exactly a pleasant way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels like a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of stainless steel in the open kitchen make this place feel like a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed like drunk food... fried everything, cheese crisps, foot long hot dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently ""comfort food"" means deap fried grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste. 

My biggest gripe with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not good ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a cold kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and audible in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely lose my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food. 

Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how well we enjoyed our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and like a cafeteria on the Bliss side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks like a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks like they are in there just for the time being. 

I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks like Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave issues pretty much summed up this is not a place for a nice night out dining.

I also find it interesting how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the ""vip opening."" c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it.",review,JgDkCER12uiv4lbpmkZ9VA,3,7,2
fATj2lCnnjw2GHH4iL0TIQ,2012-10-31,2j6g8_TLzE5Ua1MoPsDlpQ,5,This place was great... Well as great as a doctors visit can be.  They called us (my son was the patient)  back within 5 minutes and immediately saw a doctor.  She was kind and took her time - asked a lot of questions and did not hastily diagnose and fully explained to us what was going on with my son's health.,review,-JCz23DksK1RarHxp03-Gw,0,0,0
OhCRdO-4v4zV90TMbR7Qfw,2011-10-22,28Pk6nBytxscDAJni5sloA,5,"This is true personal training at a fraction of the cost. It's fast, convenient, clean & friendly! You choose the style of fitness YOU want, and your workout program will be designed specifically for YOU. And you will see your progress after each session. AWESOME!!! I like it so much I'm going 6 days a week!",review,roTLGM_IqrYi3QSQNuzxlw,0,0,0
bx5Yc7-_E8wz3Lahpq88mQ,2010-11-24,otVTsasenx64EvkoqoH2vA,3,"This place is pretty good. better than average but not great. Fish fry on Fridays is ok if you like DEEP battered fish. nice atmosphere lots of TV's.
Uquiel Beer on Tap",review,4yVZLUC_siQmWDkbKLM5YA,0,0,0
5kB59vuc4yufpGNNrF3Efw,2011-10-17,T7ht0i7McrJoEgBdG1rlLA,5,"If you are looking for only raw vegan food, this is your place.  Nothing is cooked, everyhthing is 100% raw.  They offer a variety of creative options from appetizers, wraps, soups, pizza and pasta.  They have freshly squeezed juices, smoothies and a variety of different health shots.  The dessert is yummy as well.  This is a must try!",review,2G5N1YvbqQ_9Wa3UEMMbnA,0,1,0
St3jS0PnF1lulH1ggA4Jgw,2009-10-08,YKXgZI-ghJBCbJPhs0kZmA,4,"Sure it's walking distance from my house - so I was hoping I would have a new place for my morning tea.   After finally re-opening after the fire on 16th and Bethany Home, I was excited to check out Luci's.

The design of the the place is fantastic simple, sexy, a little modern and throw in some retro corner grocery feel.  I was greeted with fun, friendly service, and then left with a great pastry and a tasty ice tea for the road.  

They seem to still be working out some kinks since the re-open, but I see it only getting better.  In fact I just got myself excited.  I think I am going to head over there now for my morning snack.",review,UTt78HkUgvATBJxhXIPZJw,3,3,3
0m0KmAYGvC34MfwJIEgCEA,2010-04-05,PSpeEEprBYkRBb60bLBgFA,1,This place is disgusting!!  The bun was dry and stale.  The veggie burger was yucky... I don't think I have ever had one I didn't like before.  The kids meals are miniscule.  The topping bar is so simple and plain.  The dips are not very good... cheese dip is YUCK!  Drink choices stink.  Cookies taste raw and boring.  Almost forgot to add that the two young kids didn't even care for the french fries because they are seasoned.  I thought they were a total waste of calories.  I can't believe the prices either... so not cheap or even worth what you pay for.,review,T7J9ae0wTskrI_Bgwp-4cA,0,0,0
qlrZzAktK8wODSHxhLEK7w,2010-02-02,PPDfQeTai1uq2Sz2Z1RjLw,4,"Been there many times with many friends, not fancy food but decent, fresh, local, organic at a good price with none of the pretentions that one would associate with the whole organic/green mocvement in dining. That being said the food only gets 4 stars based on the price plus the 5 star brownies...food is above average but not by much, the atmosphere and price are what i enjoy most",review,N-99DP_5HneEa-6So6a3pg,0,0,0
mxrXVZWc6PWk81gvOVNOUw,2010-03-01,N6w7xp1bgOAEYSSnfbPtdg,4,"Worth a visit. This is good food, not good people watching. 

Think: Colorado take on southwestern food. 

Ate: Pork Green Chili app. Grub. Little kettle of the stuff with four fresh made tortillas that arrive folded in a white paper bag - hot. 4.7/5 for flavor, quantity, value, and presentation. 

""Big Ass Burger.""  All made in house. Even the bun and fries. I don't think they keep the cattle there though. Burger was loosely packed, over-cooked, and a bit salty for my taste. But I am a critic. Jen thought it was average too. Also now $13 - was $10 6 mos ago according to other reviews. 2.75/5

""Huckleberry Bread Pudding.""  Whoa. Like a hot gooey berry muffin with Ice-Cream. Awesome. Jen thinks it might be her favorite dessert of all time. 5/5

We were a little worried when we saw all the snow-birds in their ivy caps and studded mom jeans. Turned out to be just fine - and the service was pretty special for how reasonably priced everything was. Portions were serious - Jen and I shared everything and were stuffed. Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert. No way. 

Sorry about the typos. It's bright out here in the Scottsdale sun by the pool...",review,HR6mu6sZz4ptVWbkT4uOvA,1,1,1
Yb2pNCxYR32XKmpirqJqeQ,2011-02-04,zTWFbNTWwGtHlDpxggnlUA,5,"Authentic mouth watering food.
Got the steak fajitas dinner....extremely satisfied.",review,JdNERlRX2ghg3v_rNSt8Hg,0,0,0
uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg,2011-09-13,ok2Gr4WSvZ5fJSp_Wz59Pg,5,I love that they are kid friendly and that chef Aaron came by to ask how everything was. Delicious food.,review,wi8bnLyWpJOt_DV8zqgfZg,0,1,0
KoJ4jNSmqYbmKqcoh-2dNA,2008-02-10,tOBYUw_3va01wu004bQp0g,5,"I cannot believe I am about to say this:
AIRPORT FOOD IS GOOD.

For any of you who eat in airports on a regular basis, you've surely come to accept the fact that airport food just sucks.  It doesn't matter how much you spend:  the bread is stale or soggy, meats are dry and tasteless, and forget fresh veggies and fruits of any quality.

I was just shocked when I visited the Roadhouse at Sky Harbor recently.  I had an hour before my flight so I ordered a Stella Artois and a french dip.  I wish I'd had a camera to catch my expression when I bit into my sandwich.  The bread was soft and warm.  The meat was tender and tasty.  The cheese was really good; no joke this was real cheese.  And HOT au jus?  

OMFG I almost freaked out it was so good!  I couldn't wait to tell my server how pleasantly surprised I was.  She kinda laughed at me and said they get compliments on their food all the time.  AT AN AIRPORT?  Folks, this is the best kept secret at Sky Harbor.  I will make it a point to go out of my way to eat there in the future, even if my gate is in another termial!!

This place is in the low B gates - try it and you won't regret it!",review,Gz6a5ATa6Sg0QlfiCHPcZg,0,0,0
QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA,2010-08-14,G6yLYFSFdL0Zkdf907rPvQ,5,Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico.,review,Eq6j-P0ipCIlhI1GqrbpWQ,0,0,0
9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w,2010-09-21,m8mOG3QWCfr7SR0km3xJ1g,2,"I used to be a HUGE fan of the breakfast club, even when I had to wait in the 100 degree heat with a hangover and now I am not. I have had the eggs Benedict, the breakfast burrito, and the Greek omelet and they are all bland and quite frankly taste the same, even with the red and green sauces on the burrito. I ate there again last weekend (because my boyfriend wanted to) and I had the lox and bagel, which was down right gross. The salmon was the nastiest color and tasted almost as bad. The bagel, was well, a bagel, but not even a good one at that. Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be going elsewhere for breakfast, I'll skip the wait and the bad food.",review,OqgL64SkHicaRtYpw08r9g,1,2,1
9BJ5h9X1krpXFjKj0a6wbg,2008-02-05,2osp0HewAtm1cw77uzMegA,4,"This place is yummy. The service might not always be, but the food is. They have a sexy bar and great intimate decor and a South West feel that isn't done with terra cotta colored paint and teal cacti pictures. I love the Jelapeno Benedict and they have AMAZING margaritas. And they serve brunch till super late.",review,PR3BwoHUujKqnO9uACPS6A,3,1,1
WfYQE-MZCQb_BOyW7lWh9Q,2012-03-05,j2OZUaNGzWaasCdqbtXRYw,4,I've always had a pleasant experience at Mojo in Tempe Marketplace. I have been to this location about 4 times and they always provide good quality and value. My favorite is the red velvet froyo.,review,qHIQkZ_l3nYpHnFFj8Qt6w,0,0,0
kyWbn54rsIlS3vbpDo0qPQ,2010-06-12,zXmKy7kjlGhUIuEIKu-VdA,4,"We really liked this place. I got the grande burrito with zuchinni & peppers i it which was really good. Loved their carne asada and the prices were great. I wish they ha more on their dessert menu. Would love home made churros! Staff was friendly. Would for sure go here again. Much better than baja fresh, rubios, tace bell & most other mexican places around PHX that we've been to.",review,69u07iiOtbtRvLS6I4-DTw,0,0,0
LHzVPddSPzMECho55zCf0Q,2007-10-31,2K-UHZrmE5SJXLQlxZdicQ,5,"One of my favorite places to satisfy my sweet tooth!  I typically will get sorbet, and on this evening I decided to get the Raspberry sorbet.  I believe that this Gelato Spot location has the nicest ambiance of all the locations.  After getting my sorbet, I enjoy sitting out on the patio.",review,BVZ7iTR_nI3jzdQidze1UQ,0,0,0
y6uO4ydAwBHUujfiSktxZg,2012-07-19,K43kx5KUQ567ilD9h6PP4g,5,"This was the first place my husband to me out to eat out when we started dating, OMG I loved it. The staff is always extremely nice prompt at this location, we enjoy their food and I epically am in love with the 99 cent margaritas they are the best. We always have a wonderful time here new and old memories.",review,Wy7UEqtBkjvjIOjn60UcPQ,0,0,0
pa6K7DGByxBXxcVJ59nWMw,2007-07-27,0wsuSC-c-bqs6xVAhAkqhg,5,"I am a transplanted Midwesterner, so I love me some breakfast.  And by breakfast I mean:  Hashbrowns, sausage, bacon, pancakes, and biscuits and gravy.  

Mike and Rhonda's makes a mean breakfast with huge portions.  For $7 you can have bacon/sausage/ham with hashbrowns, 2 eggs, and biscuits & gravy/pancakes/toast.  Come hungry or share.

They also serve classic american lunch fare:  burgers, chicken strips, fries, meatloaf, etc.",review,aFh79e55bjxj5XD5vkob8Q,1,2,0
L1BrWBGpGBf0vmjThJ9qzQ,2006-06-29,fVuAmpn19tmVJxuCEfxbiw,1,"This is one of the franchise store of Ritz Camera in Chandler. The store's staffs are nice, however, their photo lab is miss leading. They make the price in very small fonts and hanging on the ceiling. 

For the first time user to print photos in the lab, I was charged for $45 for just few 4x6 and 8x10 print without sign-in as member. I asked for canceling order prior they print the photos. I was told ""Too late"" even it's still in one of their store pc for ordering prints. 

Since they are franchise, I should be able to return or exchange the accessories I bought for my Nikon D70S camera in different store. I was told ""No"". I can only exchange or return to the stores I purchase them. 

I will not buy anything from them again.",review,Z3qVl-1JgYnAe4py6VC5ug,0,1,0
E4b5OC_6mZ0V7B6Nyjncsg,2010-11-23,Jnt2z0W4hzc63qau4pCjIA,4,"4 1/2 stars - really great place!  The decor is nice with cool artwork and beautiful flowers on every table, the service is friendly and food is authentic and delicious!  There happy hour specials are pretty good as well!",review,pEVf8GRshP9HUkSpizc9LA,1,1,0
xT93fKSkismzy38eJOIFmA,2012-04-11,Rdeg17BG8611tCiwpG8sGw,3,"Best time to work out at this gym is in the early morning.  Went in the afternoon a few times and it's usually packed.  

This place has everything I need to work out. (threadmill, free weights, machines, basketball court, swimming pool, and sauna).  Rarely do I see any of the machines out of order/ broken.  Although the men's sauna bench was broken for maybe 2-3 months before they finally fixed it.",review,wJzMpk54FF2jeENqMBJ24Q,0,0,0
7Y7p1NHDj0iGQN7IbBp5jw,2012-07-27,3S1i6erH7IL3-hWGOL1bTQ,1,"I wish I could rate this place higher but my blow out is terrible. I asked for a blowdry with lots of volume and curl. It seemed that the cross between the mai-tai and cosmo would be perfect. My hair is flatter than what I walked in with. My hair is curly naturally so has decent volume, but for some reason its flat! Also the stylist pulled my hair alot while blow dryng and apologized for hurting me which I appreciated, but have never experienced with a blowdry before. I don't think I'll be coming back, sad since I love the concept and the salon is lovely.

Update: They offered me a make up blow out. I decided to try the place out again, thinking it was a fluke that my blowdry was so awful. Mistake! Not only was my second blowdry here mediocre, I ended up paying for the service. I wrote to their manager who had offered the complimentary blowdry, but no response.",review,oy_0JzDPYGXBZ2YhDhxK9w,0,6,0
pa6K7DGByxBXxcVJ59nWMw,2012-07-29,4IQ0g-b7Dhmx5ybiQomXow,1,"Well, I guess the bar is much lower in Flagstaff, as we went to their restaurant in Glendale for breakfast.  It was less than mediocre.  Starting with the coffee, which tasted awful..it was very bitter and watching the waitress pour old decaffinated coffee into a regular coffee pot! Unacceptable.  I had bacon and eggs...fair. Asked for the hashbrowns to be well done..didn't make a difference, I guess, as they came out raw.  Also, asked that my toast be dry...came out saturated with butter.  My husband had the chicken fried steak with gravy...you could have plastered a house with the gravy!  As you can tell, we will not be returning.  The reason we went, was because of their article in the paper this week.  Just shows, that you can't believe believe everything you read.  My husband, ""jokingly, suggested, that we cancel the paper!",review,J92bzxYVmyoLHULzh9xNCA,1,1,1
2bdKR3l4o-S1CscLqqnvVw,2011-05-05,uJDLbfFnFGh_mG0u3N5w2Q,4,"I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and Green Curry, YUMMY food was very good, ordered it spicy and it came about medium.  But the food was what I wanted and expected, service was good I asked for an opinion on the curry and the waiter happened to agree with everything I asked.  ""how about this is this good, YES he would reply"" made me wonder if he had tried it all.  Beer and wine are both served.  I liked this place and will return.",review,zMx_sj5v_wQhGD4Udm8rSw,0,0,0
xMK01ZbVUYLLoyqoeWAIVw,2009-11-01,hPncywhJYLYG-QyjPr42OA,5,"I love, love, love the Keg!  I've been to this location as well as San Tan Village, Tempe Marketplace and Desert Ridge and have had nothing but exceptional food and service. I really like the atmosphere, it has that dark, cozy steakhouse feeling without being too stuffy or pretentious.  

We enjoyed an excellent  Halloween dinner here last night which included a ""Keg sized"" glass of Fetzer chardonnay, a margarita (very strong), the Keg Classic Dinner (ceasar salad, 7 oz filet wrapped in bacon, mixed vegetables and a loaded baked potato), bacon wrapped scallops (an appetizer that I ordered for my entree) and their fabulous bread with whipped butter, YUM!  Our server was very outgoing and friendly and offered suggestions as far as the menu.  The bill with tax and tip was $68, really an excellent value.

 Overall, a great meal and dining experience.  I will definitely be back and can't wait!",review,nMwgC0DuMsBR0V5v4-J8wg,2,3,0
N1xMSUfv1GmfHGa9a3VuJw,2009-07-06,DQbSGXSMKZKFmRmf68fiYQ,3,"We stayed at the Pointe Hilton over the July 4th weekend are were very impressed with the amazing pool facilities and poolside food service.  However, I would send caution to anyone planning to stay at this hotel: if you do not have children, this probably is not the place for you.  Screaming children swarmed every corner of this massive resort!  So if you're looking for more relaxation and less SpongeBob, I'd suggest checking out the other hotel options in Phoenix.",review,js_yEOWZfqr5b_z2QEZIQw,1,1,1
Y-BtrSR6NebejB34_Z-oWQ,2011-06-27,dbFSsCZwGS8Vuu2L7QDbGw,1,"I decided to break from routine and get a haircut at a local Great Clips. I called ahead and asked if they had an experienced barber that could do a flat top. The lady assured me that they did. I was Leary to say the least when she sat me in a chair of a 20 something fibbertygibbet dressed like Madonna. Half way through this butchering, she asked my advice and then the advice of the owner on how to accomplish this haircut. Kid you not, it was an inch longer at the sides than the center. I looked like a cross between the Gunny and flock of seagulls. I went home, set the clippers on 3 and finished the job......Would not go back here unless I lost a bet.",review,MVjV49GPz1pO-n_oaxdzlA,0,0,2
-vHWAsiX0iHWJw-pkqv32Q,2012-01-05,2P1sh7g0Y53Hbj9SVYN6TQ,3,"The food is good, but took a while to get to us.",review,NmUN9q27IU3DiueGJvdt1Q,0,0,0
x4L42igQPv4TFlqGR2Wthg,2010-01-14,iImgqTay3TRXi2qjUKgJSw,4,"Very consistent, thin crust pizza, made with fresh ingredients and excellent cheese! The market place is lively and the atmosphere is festive!",review,zS4tNnZaHqZZamzo0mPExg,0,0,0
7_zL7NX_rDFwhbLp98PwZg,2012-05-30,ORQmSJCsn3HXIQ3iVWmONw,5,"I am OBSESSED with Ra.  Thank God that it is a chain restaurant otherwise I don't know how I would get my fix when in different states.  I don't care what everyone says about the best sushi, blah blah blah.  This place is THE best!

First of all it has the BEST happy hour!  I was introduced to the restaurant's best items during happy hour when it was less expensive to be adventurous.  My absolute favorites are the Sweet Onion Salmon, Salmon Carpaccio and Shishito Peppers.  The Sweet Onion Salmon's sauce is to die for, the Salmon Carpaccio is soft and creamy with a nice kick of wasabi and the Shishito Peppers have the most amazing garlic-type sauce!  I usually order the peppers with a side of white rice and drizzle the sauce on it for a more filling meal.  

Other favorites are the RAckin shrimp, Uchi No Salad and Vegas Roll--basically any of the happy hour items are great!

Oh and I can't forget about the desserts, if you have any room left you have to try the cinnamon tempura ice cream, but share it because it is very filling.",review,odsfSlKTZSsuunDxcXUUuw,0,1,2
yJYQ5P3TxP8i-u_GK8NO_g,2007-12-03,FKVlUZC2NBwO4VDvA908zA,4,"Two times a year, you can meander down Mill Ave and the adjoining streets to look at an array of art for sale. Everything from jewelry and pop art posters to handmade kitchen utensils, photography and abstract paintings. 

If you go both in Spring and Winter, you're likely to see a few of the same artists. For the most part, Tempe Arts Festival does a great job of providing variety. Plus, it's fun to wander and look at things you may not have seen before - let alone expected to see at an arts festival. 

This isn't the most exciting of art festivals. There's really no live music, unless you count the occasional melodies of flutes you hear when you walk by the vendor selling his handmade wooden flutes. 

I've been three times and enjoyed myself every time. I wasn't wowed. I never saw anything I couldn't live without. But, like I said, this is a fun event to mark on your calender for both Spring and Winter - even if it happens to rain during the festival. 

I give last Winter's and this Spring's festivals both a 4-star review, for the weather and company were great. It was my first year going, and I was happy to see that Tempe offered the Valley something that appealed to people who really do try and appreciate art. After all, it's a ""consumer"" type of event, geared toward bringing the community and artists together. I can appreciate that. 

I give this Winter's festival a 3-star review. The rain didn't phase me. I can deal with a few sprinkles. What bothered me was the mixing of ASU and UofA fans, both groups beginning to gather down on Mill Ave for the football showdown. Don't get me wrong, I love a good sporting event and understand team rivalry. I just thought it was unfortunate that the upcoming game and the fans' excitement took over the relaxed, casual feel that the arts festival usually has - you know, when you can walk down the street and look at art without running into an impromptu cheer section. 

You see, fans were screaming in the streets - hollering insults to the other team - and waving their school's colors high. (Once again, I understand the fun of that. I just didn't expect it to be all over the streets in the early afternoon. Maybe I'm naive, though.) The fans were a definite distraction from the art festival. Knowing what would happen when alcohol was mixed into the equation, my friend and I decided to bolt. 

Lucky we did. Seems like Tempe can't handle a few rain droplets, for when we were walking back to the car, a street lamp post nearly fell on our heads. Talk about a commotion. 

I'd much rather attention be fixed on the art festival rather than any football game or falling lamp posts, no matter how dramatic both of those things can be.

I s'pose this echoes the old saying, ""There's a time and place for everything.""

Word to the wise: Parking can be hard to find, or require you to shell out $10 for a spot. If you can, park somewhere closeby that's free of charge and hoof it on foot.",review,APLIPfq1Rf8QyhHHk2uAyA,1,1,0
ehy9Vy1BKc9shO74chuUAQ,2012-04-24,t8z_np9fch9CdDbLrqyQzA,5,The best Asaian store around. Love the selection. Awesome smoked herring for cheap. Everything is so much cheaper and better than any other Asian store I've been.,review,EJaoDaba5ew7Pr1r8fT4NQ,0,1,0
9Vu9KhK2-kBSM-FXvxXGNg,2012-04-23,J73BLMQ62VcYOX915sWJGw,1,"we visited on april 15th and And also Sunday April 22..
I have twice now gone to your restaurant and twice been told that I couldnt use my BOGO coupon. The first time my mother went to pick up our order, she was told we didnt order the right food and we had to order off the main entress. The second time we ordered, I was told that we had to order off of the DINER SELECT menu. I did not have my coupon handy, and when I was able to read it, it says specifically, ""Offer valid for one complimentary Diner Select with the purchase of another entree. Complimentary Diner Select must be of equal or lesser value to purchase entree. Valid entrees include SIGNATURE DISHES, BOWLS, SALADS, DINER SELECTS AND LETTUCE WRAPS."" So why, on two separate occasions were we told conflicting information and not allowed to use the coupon, thus spending a small fortune on food, TWICE?!?!? Your customer service is far from what it used to be and I doubt you will be getting more of our business any time in the near future.",review,2YrJ7dUrF1jvaAo-Kp2r2w,0,1,0
EzwpoKQrHgDHwpuCUw074Q,2010-07-11,a-tarNmx5GDkYzRwbMdY8g,5,"What can I write that has not been written about the greatness of In-N-Out Burger! Maybe my love is borne of the separation from it my primary residence in Dallas compels. I hope that when it opens in Dallas (yes, the plans for that are public), nothing changes.",review,g_uCN5y6wuz265tUxIICmQ,0,1,0
Oj79-vTnjQk_jLr6oNbT0Q,2008-09-16,ijRGvI7Ti7ciSa7kpBDltA,2,"I will still call it the Counter, because I'm the curmudgeonly type that is sometimes slow to accept change.  (Who is Chloe?  Fox Restaurants need not have changed the name just to eliminate the boutique...)

The food has always been tasty.  The split pea soup is absolutely amazing.  The hot turkey sandwich is delicious, the chopped salad is a spot-hitter.  I don't think the prices are too terribly high, after all, it's in Kierland, which isn't exactly a discount enclave.

The service.  Ah, the service.  First, let me spare the hard workers in my tirade.  The cooks, and those who actually are putting together food and cleaning, do a fabulous job.  The servers - or register-runners, have been incredibly disappointing.  They invoke this kind of back-story imagery:

""Mom!  My gas card didn't work, I almost didn't make it to Dana's party, I mean, can you imagine if I would have run out of gas, and had to talk to a commoner??  Wtf, Mom!""

""Shannon, your father and I decided that you need to pick up a part-time job, we will still pay for your BMW, your insurance, your condo, your cable, your birth control, your health insurance and your part-time college education, but we think it's time you worked about 8 hours a week.""

""OMG!  This is soooo ridiculous and unfair, Mom, wtf!""

And that is how Shannon (name made up) came to work at The Counter.  And that is why she sucks at service.  And that is why she doesn't appreciate how hard the rest of us work to purchase an $8- sandwich, and how a simple smile, some humor, and a ""thanks for coming in"", or ""how is everything tasting today"", could make such an enormous difference in someone's dining (albeit counter style) experience.  

Instead, after ordering the Chopped Salad and the Pea Soup from ""Shannon"", the cook brought me my soup, and I enjoyed it.  And I waited.  And waited.  There was no ticket, there was no chopped salad in the works.  (The prep area is fully visable.)  I graciously asked the cook if there was an order in for a chopped salad, and she said, ""oh no, I'm so sorry, let me make one on the fly for you!"".  She did, I ate, it was delicious, and I thanked her.  ""Shannon"" then presented me with my bill a full few minutes after I sat in front of an empty plate, I paid, and as she handed me my change she said, ""bye.""  I don't think I need to elaborate on that.  

So - to the Shannon's of the world - hurry up and get a rich boyfriend and become a trophy wife so the rest of us don't have to deal with your shitty service, bad attitude and hateful unsmiling demeanor.  And to the awesome cooks and service folks out there who manage at least a smile, bless you.  Bless you, every one.",review,J1_dnSaVYi17BoxK00y9AQ,3,2,5
jZ58NvLSZ6oVYlRta1zUNQ,2012-01-24,2Wm-u9udKjNhBzR9DTIGJg,4,"This is your typical airport restaurant that pretty much has a monopoly because your choices past security are pretty slim. However, this place has four saving graces - decent connection to the free airport wifi, a tv that had the NFL playoffs on, a full bar with delicious long island iced tea, and the french fries. The french fries are delicious! The burger is ok; I couldn't finish it all. My bill came to $20 for the food, long island, tax, and tip, which is probably about right. The waitress, whose prompt service resulted in no problems, filled up my water bottle for me (instead of using the water fountain), which pleasantly surprised me. So, four stars it is!",review,L3Jsd79upFBPk2z4EBOsVQ,1,1,0
LxE7D6uigL3vLaasPU7Ewg,2008-11-25,TAo0fNJ7r_TngU6CiCLl2A,2,"I went to Sutra to attend the mixer where Yelp was being featured. After soaking in the cool ""sceney"" vibe, I decided that I was hungry. I asked the waitress for a menu. When she came back she told me that the right hand side of the menu was half off and made a couple suggestions. I love the names of the rolls that Sutra has. There were selections like ""Cougar"" and ""30k millionaire"". I had one of each. As if the rolls were made to live up to their namesakes, they didn't impress me; they merely annoyed me. The lack of freshness and flavor were the biggest factors in Sutra's failure. I ended up leaving plenty of sushi on my plate, but I was relieved that they were half off, otherwise I would have returned them upon first bite. 

I would not eat at Sutra again if I had a choice. I would advise you to eat elsewhere and come to Sutra to see and be ""scene""!",review,4UUIpbOTPmu43wuC2aSGkg,6,6,4
cdwHgELA2puX2DNfwSt5EA,2012-07-23,SX3oQIQycIa7cEXzx1wIgA,3,"I have to say I was pretty disappointed with our brunch experience here. 

Ok class, let's have a lesson. What makes a good, traditional, Eggs Benedict? 

Easy question, you say?

Answer: Nice crispy, toasted English muffin, meat of your choosing (let's go with Canadian Bacon), creamy delicious Hollandaise.

What am I missing, class?

Ah yes, a beautiful poached egg, which bursts when pierced, spilling it's silky, golden yolk. 

Ok so now that we've had our lesson, let's put it into practice. My eggs Benedict was served with three quartered tomatoes, very very very crunchy potatoes with no seasoning and two eggs Benedict. One was completely missing a yolk! Bummer. When our server came over, I told him and he brought out a new one, but the yolk was overcooked. Bummer, times two. My friend also had an overcooked egg on his plate.

For the prices they're charging, we should have had four perfectly cooked eggs and well seasoned potatoes. It's brunch, not brain surgery. 

The space is beautiful, and the server was pleasant, but I won't come back. Too many other places to try for brunch.",review,palND-kF1qpMLhkcgAnSxA,2,4,2
LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg,2009-10-08,9mbS4N24OZy3MFEQA_M7eA,4,I've been for lunch half a dozen times and usually sit at the bar.  Their beers are great.  I'm a home brewer and am pretty discerning in my beer tastes.  Their HopKnot IPA has a huge nose of hops if you are a hop lover--which I am.  However the 8th Street Pale is probably my favorite.  It is a great balanced English style pale ale--without the bitter edge of an American pale ale like SN.  On a hot day their Kolsch is super refreshing and reminds me of being in Germany.  I've had mostly burgers and fries there and they are good.  The atmosphere is casual and the staff is friendly and attentive.  If you are a craft beer lover it is a nice laid back destination to enjoy a brew...or two.  They also pour growlers and sell cans of Kolsch and Kiltlifter in 12 packs.,review,gjph-223Qy0xmoBRNBo-4w,0,0,0
UYHa5iKUddnZrlxF7taI0Q,2012-04-05,55K59eG8bvViey-fcezXzQ,4,"Ask to sit outside, if you can! The patio is wide, clean, and fresh air goes great with a Grand Slam. Very kind manager working the day we called to see if we could bring our dog with us before we had to run off to her dog training. She said they don't normally allow pets out there, but since there was nobody outside, she would allow it unless someone complained. We got there, passed the pup over the gate, and had brinner like champs while watching the traffic. The manager came by to check on us and even brought out a bowl of water for Tatum. Like everyone says, it's Denny's food... what do you expect? But I think the hospitality makes all the difference.",review,GPchh5Jw7Go8nhI7WqF-ug,1,2,1
O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA,2012-11-28,wQp-Zi_XUXJErJg5SRkykw,5,Steak cooked to perfection.,review,hfGrlr9IgsG72d8-dXuKDQ,1,1,1
KNIFSqzQADOZWDO_7T-KzA,2012-03-17,jOIy9UscRIrJwXkKPf7JfA,1,"The parking is my beef with this place.  Why does a customer have to pay $12 for each time we park at the garage?  If you move in and out three times, that's $36 for parking.  Yes, my company was paying, but this was just outright stupid and I wouldn't make my company pay for this again.
I've been to Phoenix twice since then, and I've avoided this place and stayed at the Marriot.  Much better place.",review,sVOg6fYIlKLqpq7ptRZIsA,0,0,0
WPmamMTGAmNYXGoXW1mWyQ,2012-01-23,bB8w2NCLaFqe87mm0s4IQw,5,"So glad to have found great Thai in my neighborhood.  We thought when we moved away from Tempe that we had lost our access to great ethnic food.  Luckily we found this little gem.  Great ambience, friendly quick service, and fantastic food.  We ordered the green curry chicken and the drunken noodles with vegetables.  Great sized portions for reasonable price.  We got ours on a 3 out of 5 scale of heat and it was perfect for us.  I have a feeling we'll become regulars.",review,1qdj_KsKTguk-vA4cVYMaQ,0,0,0
Re0Xw-AYkn6NK7QRk3kPEg,2012-06-19,eeAZx1YUpN_4lwLL-_v5dg,5,"As far as indie record stores, this is truly as good as it gets in the valley.
It is a breath of fresh air because it is a REAL record store, and you can sample CD's along the wall to get your music fix.
I love how they have a list of recommended new releases. I definitely refer to them if my music is getting stale.
Recently, my husband and I have bought albums from Beirut, Andrew Bird and Iron & Wine. They have everything your heart desires- so go and get you some!

OH- and I just found out you can buy concert tickets there, and they usually give out a free ""Magnet"" magazine with each purchase. Woohoo!",review,lOvgjEkecLfVJwJriEjt2w,2,1,0
bGYQiDTdpTc_ok7cYsZzoA,2008-10-02,8h_4HMuDeLFfvMIE9FhZnQ,3,"Good:  22 courts, backboards, big pro shop, cold beverages, ice cream, nice clean bathrooms, nice people work there.

Bad: Pro shop seems to only carry women's clothes and old old school mens cloths, the lights are the second worse in the valley (after Indian School Park)

I have never paid for courts because I play on a league so I dont know about the rates.  The courts were clean and well kept.",review,JVTvEtBDi-WDqB0PSTf4BQ,0,1,0
iHmfkYeEsIxbAqEj3dloQQ,2012-07-03,N_hL1-fyunhVpDDX6fz9Sg,1,The owner has changed hands & this place isn't what it used to be.  If you want up to date paper & quality product...go to Scrap Happy OR Crop Girls!,review,HY9A-ShZQ1MvdFvEhNY4LQ,0,1,0
yLfYR-PvIzAv9DnEH68Rgw,2007-02-07,9JoA1TV3OMmliDXPx5_fHw,3,"I like the Bamboo Club, but it doesn't seem to bode well with purists. It is a very Americanized spin on Chinese food, with some dishes it works well and others not so much. 

I struggle with a fierce addiction to Panda Express so I refer to it from time to time, but I feel I'm justified this time. Bamboo Club is like a deluxe version of Panda Express. In fact, their best dish is also the orange chicken, only done much more tastefully than their greasy counterparts. 

It's a little overpriced considering what they are offering (semi-glorified mall food) but, all in all, not bad.",review,Ovpa3S8xD96dLE5eDxcxJg,0,0,1
uqrkLgKMUh9kM4L3L_jwyg,2010-08-18,-ivArEXg8QSoZr4l6TD-pg,4,"I was reluctant to try this shop at first.  Some of the reviews that popped up via Google lead me to believe it unpleasant and not well-stocked.  Well, you can fool some of the people some of the time, and today, I was no longer fooled by whatever weird people out there have it in for Double Joy Beads.

Firstly, their Czech seed beads are the cheapest in town.  I'm not even kidding.  I purchased six half tubes and one full for around $10.  The organization thereof leaves something to be desired, but at those prices, browsing should be a joy.  

Their pressed glass and fire polished selections were of average number and price.  

In the Swavorski department, standard bicones, cubes and rounds are not available as singles- only some of the pendant materials, and even then, some come packed two to a bag.  I was a bit vexed by this.  What if someone wants one Baroque for a pendant?

The back sported a nice assortment of findings and stringing materials.  Particularly impressive: a display of natural copper items ready for raiding.  Sales bins occupied the front- some bags currently up for less than a quarter.  

I found the clerk on duty during my visit was more of the hands-off type, but quite personable when I checked out.  

The store itself is a bit hard to find, tucked in a winding strip mall.  It's directly across the street from Arizona Art Supply.  That street is Scottsdale Road, but if you can see the art store from the side where Double Joy abides, you can't be far.",review,ggEHaGGCiUVmE2N5iZy6DA,0,0,0
luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ,2011-12-30,537SAjlaQaV1vkePOb-EPw,5,"One of the most memorable breweries I've been to, not because of their personal beer choices but because of how they run the place. They have over 30 beers on tap from all over the country. If that's not cool enough, the entire back wall of the place is refrigerated coolers full of bottles and cans of even more craft brews that you can hand pick to drink in house...OR....build your own 6 pack to carry out. Brews from all over from Epic, to Dogfish, to Maui Brewing, to Sierra Nevada and the list goes on...and on....and on. It really is a nice concept!! Oh....and their food is great too. Mostly your normal bar food but pretty tasty.

As for the service? I was incredibly impressed at how the girls that were serving us really truly seemed to have some serious beer knowledge. They were able to help us pick the right beer for our liking and they were right there when the brews disappeared regardless of the fact the place was packed.

Know before you go: Don't let the exterior fool you! It's a small portion of a strip mall...look hard or you may miss it",review,MYLBku4sRCoZmi4Z7yESGw,3,3,0
_CG5zJAoNN6gszjhSyUcww,2010-07-11,7Lvwa3c3CJvrFxfhUkEMIA,4,Cho Dang - Fo Sho!  Looking for Korean food can be tricky.  Cho Dang offers my favorite entree cooked just right.  Tofu Soup w a fresh egg - yum!  Broth could be spicy but definitely worth the burnnnn....urrr!!!  Decor of the place - I dig!  Dark wood flooring with some picture frames of plants; then the ceiling is painted sky blue to give you that outdoor serene feel.  Service was great - my waiter was a young man that couldn't tell me what Hite beer taste like (told him to take a sip and let me know :) ) Shhhh...don't tell anyone.  Needless to say my dinner was delectable - definitely a return place - enjoy my friends!,review,XqMkm-DD9VsdcKx2YVGhSA,1,0,0
RFMcLH3_58eAwvSfvLhJew,2012-02-28,H0BfUTLr8yqd7YdFbYNRIQ,5,"Been a patron since this eatery first opened.  This is honestly one restaurant that has not been hurt by the economy.  The food is that fabulous!  My absolute favorite salad is the Turkey Waldorf.  My children always get the side Caesar with Potato Cream Cheese Soup.  The husband always gets either a Cranberry Scone and Onion Bagel slathered with cream cheese OR a Pretzel and some sort of sandwich.  

The only downside to this eatery is their lack of seating space during the lunch rush hour.  Get there by 11am if you actually want to sit inside, otherwise on a windy and cold winter day you might find yourself outside sitting on the patio (as I have done in the past.)

Even with the lack of seating during rush hour lunch....I'm giving this place five stars and making sure I'm there before the rush hour.  :-)  Happy Eats!",review,9TFwQbcSIHb-nXSHvFMCgg,1,2,1
uEW1NwL9h5N0zI2Ip9UKrQ,2006-12-27,-JFnqCMGxF3KbiJe4KNsZg,4,Julio G's lunch menu offers some very delightful dishes.  I recommend the beef flautas special with rice and beans. The wait staff was very nice and efficient.  Good group restaurant spot!,review,YZQYRysjzIHUa57ffbJWsA,0,0,0
3l72FflaaeI0tWEAWN3-gQ,2011-02-27,0hd9ZhRpts7eP4fFS0jxQQ,2,"With a name like America's Taco Shop, I had to check the place out.  

Got the ""homemade"" ceviche and the carne asada taco.  Thought the prices were a bit high for the quality and amount of food that I received.

The ceviche and tortilla chips that came with it were a bit bland.  The carne asada taco was good but not spectacular.

What got me though as I sat indoors in their dining room was I started to notice how dusty everything was.  There was a grimy layer of dust over all the decorations on the walls and the tops of the condiment bottles were frankly disgusting like they had not been wiped in ages.

So I decided to check out their bathroom.  Sure enough, the ladder they had leaning against the wall had a layer of dust on them . . . . 

and I felt a little grossed out . . . let's just say, if the public areas like the dining area and bathroom are not clean and well care for, I don't really want to imagine the condition in the kitchen . . .",review,ru8p3RTlk8f9LB_3zLXURQ,0,2,1
2I666dqzs1XB6xigIKa9bA,2012-11-19,aiDZGZcKSDGfblmMyBhsnw,4,"Stopped in for lunch with an old friend.  We had lots to catch up on, so got a booth inside where it was quieter.  The decor is true to Tom's heritage at this location, modernized with lots of historical pics on the wall.  The Governor's Room has an attractive gleaming golden state seal over the doorway.  

Service was excellent.  Food was OK.  Great bar with Tom's specialties, where I don't water, so no info on that.  I should have had the 1929 chili, or a burger to really try the food.  I had a Cuban sandwich with house salad instead.  The salad greens were fresh, the tiny Tom atoes sweet and crunchy.  The sandwich was a Phoenix Arizona Cuban sandwich from Tom's Tavern, not like a Cuban sandwich made by somebody's Cuban mother or Abuelo using all the right Cuban ingredients.  Kind of like Mexican food in Yellowknife, Yukon Territory.  Good test.

Next time I'm having the burger.  There will be a next time.

Ambiance 1
Service 1
Cleanliness 1
Cuban Sandwich 1",review,Ry48Bta6spNowOkiMNC_xg,1,0,0
Y_Y91oeUrIwYa18F8ey5NQ,2009-12-19,zcqL-Zs4Kmbg3Tn5Y4ZekA,2,"The burger I had there was tasteless and had a weird texture. The fries were decent and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.

In all fairness, I did not try their frozen selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try.",review,s8fJCSltyub39Q1dqzjb6g,2,3,0
M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw,2010-03-03,dYCrJzhJs-jELKVGz7TCSQ,3,"i love mac n' cheese & i love the dark.  
these 2 facts make me like this place.
 
the service was good. the prices were reasonable. they had a decent selection of craft beer & local wine. the dark colors and candles were comforting.  (however this atmosphere makes the headlights from the cars parking up against the windows somewhat more obtrusive)

a solid 3 stars for me.. i wasn't blown away, but i wasn't disappointed.
.
.
.
p.s. i think maybe i'll miss lisa g's..?!",review,wIi2J1UGRB2G_3vu5eNK3g,0,1,1
ZztUsJyGDwPySepmXRG13g,2011-01-12,f1FImVsdpvR8rNc9F95tCA,2,"This place is a must go if you are some beer starved party animal ASU student but as an adult who is one step beyond the let's get blottoed for the sake of getting drunk this place isn't really worth visiting.  The beers really aren't that good compared to Four Peaks/Papago/Sun Up/San Tan, or any of the other brew pubs around.  Really wasn't that impressed with the food either.  The only reason I gave it an extra star than one because the service was good, of course there were only one other group in the place at the time.",review,b2DKC4kC8-QeSeGZ_MF3XQ,0,0,0
xNfGoC9CW33GjSPLcfbwUg,2010-08-23,kWPsNiuhlVH14mZtLBGcaw,5,"I love this place. It is one of my favorite Antique shops in the city! There is a wide selection and variety of booths and items. There is everything here from match boxes, cute purses and hats to retro/vintage furniture, wacky mannequins, old cameras and old toys to reminiscence over. And! They are decently priced and have a nice helpful staff.",review,7o7MF9B9lxcWupE8jiLOaQ,0,0,0
WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA,2012-03-14,sOs2dB9rbO7p-MB2EJ3cvg,4,"I am not as enthusiastic about the Cornish Pasty Company as some, but if you are looking for this type of place to eat, you will probably enjoy the experience.

A Pasty is basically a turnover; at Cornish Pasty Company, it is a very big turnover.  One is a meal.  Here they precook them until they are almost done, then finish them when you order.  This process introduces a drying effect that detracts from the product.  They do serve a sauce with each pasty, and as the sauces we tried were quite good, you can use the sauce to counteract the dryness. When all is said and done, the pastys are tasty.  But not knock-your-socks-off great.

The atmosphere at Cornish Pasty Company is cramped and noisy.  It seems more like a college hangout than a restaurant, and this is not surprising because it is a college hangout, but one where the quality of the food has attracted a wider clientele.  If you like this kind of atmosphere, you will be right at home at one of the few small tables or at the bar.  I prefer the bar.

Prices are low (typically about $9 for a pasty), considering the size of the meal.

Hints:
1.  It is always crowded.  Try to come at an off hour, like 4:30 on a weekday.
2.  Skip the very average salads and the oven chips (dry, tasteless), and probably the other appetisers.  Just get a pasty.  If you are an abnormally big eater, follow it up with a dessert pasty.
3.  It is a bit hard to find.  Turn North on Hardy from University to find the Cornish Pasty Company in a small shopping center hidden by a large gas station.",review,6qL7A04QNfLAj5Tkig34YQ,0,0,0
0AZiq_OMKs3I9lTmwd5PSg,2009-12-30,swAgg95rDJ6I2SLOGkTZdA,2,"I've never been to a restaurant where we (a party of 6 with a reservation) sat at a cleared table with no water, no bread, no cutlery, no service for 15 minutes before receiving a menu .... when we finally had someone provide a menu, it then took another 15 minutes to get the wine we ordered. 
Still no bread, still no food. 

The server dumped the wine bottle on the table (unopened), and went to find glasses. 10 minutes later she then threw the bottle opener at our table so we could open the wine ourselves while she went to find glasses. Most (!?!) of the wine glasses arrived within the next 10 minutes, and still no bread or food. 
Do I need to go on? 

And while the server apologized profusely, she never offered to take anything off the bill or even a dessert on the house for our clearly disgruntled group. 

Food was fine -- the house-made burrata is quite remarkable. But not enough of a reason to return. Others we were with have had better experiences, and I would hope for the owner's sake that our dinner was an aberration...",review,Z7aw8EbiklwKeaIzGj5Otg,0,0,0
N_TlJCR5AkZhmrCDqbm2tQ,2010-01-31,678M9FKyQPa_QDWEnCSxFw,4,"It was a busy Friday when I went - about the time that everyone gets out of work early. So you'd expect more than ONE cashier there. But nope, no such luck. 

There were about 5 people in front of me and the line took about 10 minutes. But we had decent conversation about how the local library was going to be closing in the near future.

Overall, I generally like Borders over B&N in the coorperate book world, but probably won't be coming back to this one if I feel the need to buy a book. I will if I want to relax, sit back and perhaps browse at some magazines.",review,T5mD6ggC7fh48QgXR0LevA,0,1,0
CVp1BFI5gpXqo31C6Lwkjw,2010-07-24,d_Ima0-9breBd8T9wAth9g,5,"Jon, Tess, Charlie, Erin, Kathleen and whole gang are the best!!!",review,1BW2HC851fJKPfJeQxjkTA,0,0,0
gFJtzwGmDTABRwL2F8GsSw,2012-11-20,kkfd3jYQr_lXEd-lBAJ8Sw,5,"Our waiter was Vincent. Very polite, helpful, accommodating, and knowledgeable about the menu and the taste of each item. Service was A+!  The food was fantastic. No errors, was tasteful, unique, and fresh! I will definitely come here again.",review,F9NM9hDWNTfPG7eWhEc7pg,1,1,0
74qDPs2dR6gSzDp6N1U-Og,2011-10-16,GChHCIb-YQls3eZ-C2E2sw,2,"I had been wanting to try Sal's for quite a while but never got around to it.  Until today!  I got a side salad and the 14"" Sal's Favorite.  I must say, not impressed at all.  The salad was made of what looked like a bag of pre-shredded lettuce.  And not very fresh either.  The pizza was just ok, I've had much better.  Very sad and disappointed, unfortunately I will not be going back to Sal's.",review,-d0M53vRvvZ_ZXL0nWbH5Q,0,0,0
4rySWsfL5enT7t4XuVNJuQ,2008-03-11,sm2GQCeK-Ez4YCBp8TxPXQ,4,"Had to write a quick review to this place. 
It kicks Denny's ASS. 
The food is always done well, eggs made to order, fries always hot and crispy. 
Sandwiches are full of good, fresh ingredients, breakfasts are all delish. Waitresses are a good sweet/salty combo.
My friend made a side comment the last time about wanting my pickle, because she had breakfast and I had a sammy. The waitress, without a word, came back to the table with a plate of the crisp briny spears. Nice xtra touch!

All in all a pleasant,cheap, laid back, 24/7 diner, which is damn hard to come by in this day and age.",review,YwISM44nNmOSeXdsL-qZYw,1,1,0
WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA,2012-06-12,Bc8IqLkd83WIf9Pk2IkipA,2,"I hate giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been spotty though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would improve ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem?",review,9F3ZmyGKIA6ALNWgEq3Log,1,5,1
NH67MdKaFGNcP-dlu56pyw,2009-08-09,SOizwSwvCt72RVGnnjq6Kw,4,"While waiting for Ayesha to have dinner at Thai Elephant, I tried not to let the meth-crack-head who pretended to talk on the pay phone deter me from a great meal.  She had no shoes on and walked up to the pay phone and started talking.  It hadn't been ringing and she didn't dial a number.  
I'm a sucker for Touch of Thai's catfish dish, and they had the same one on the menu.  
It was good, but the fish was a bit overcooked.  I would have liked a bit more ""sauce"" as the dish was a bit dry.
Service was excellent.  My iced tea was refilled without asking throughout our meal.
Of course, spending and evening with Ayesha over spicy food as we both wiped our noses from the heat of curry can't be beat!",review,6kmu0mYbdpMIOZ6Y0eVsxg,9,10,5
jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA,2011-05-11,podNEIPfgVzekzx1fauTPQ,3,"Nice restaurant, good food, SLOW SLOW SLOW Service.

Went there with a group, and the food was all good but the service wasn't great. I ordered Chicken Katsu before the rest of the group ordered tons of Sushi...the Sushi came out slow, but no one cared. And then I realized we had been there 2.5 hours and I still didn't have my Chicken Katsu - I asked the waiter about it and he had totally forgot. I eventually got my food but everyone else was done eating - he was apologetic and we got a free dessert but it just sucked for me since I don't eat sushi...",review,mt1Sy0paU9h9f9e8FUTWdw,0,0,0
It8Q9-l1EEtTr9NPpTgGPA,2009-12-23,mPTLQUEAfccRD3Cgetstig,4,"I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ.  It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks.  The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's.  

My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa.  It was pretty darn good, especially for the price!

They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had recommended this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas.  In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich.  We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it.  It was very yum.  We had reina pepiada arepa, which was  like a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it.  But the Pabellon arepa with fried plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.

We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the best fried plantains I've ever had.  Oddly, the rice was a bit hard and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a favorite with my fellow foodies- kind of like a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese.  We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly like flan to me) which was very good.

I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely worth checking out.  Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats!",review,5-2JHDnSsoSaoRKDHPeTtQ,2,5,0
tdeHd2AVYlEnz9F1UGb84Q,2012-03-28,AyW23Q1JezoqckWQtLfePQ,4,Cool hotel bar in a cool hotel.  Get a booth and enjoy the crowd.  Be sure to get a cocktail or four at the hotel lobby bar before dinner during happy hour.  Cool place and glad we checked this place out.,review,vt0y5E2LUFeG0_PZ1b3d_Q,0,1,0
oXKPSI-RUqOvmuSCh_DEQQ,2011-07-29,O7mqsMPn90yNwioxGvWDVw,4,"4.5 Stars
The seafood tower was amazing and my ribeye was very good.  Very expensive.  Much better experience than the ocean club in Newport Beach.",review,ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g,0,0,0
EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw,2012-11-25,lZVKOyoXbFlyyLj8SP1-Kw,4,"Open late, that is a huge plus!  Been here for lunch and for dinner, also in different times of the year.  Service is always stellar.  Food is always good.  Sometimes there is something weird with the check such as charging for things that were supposed to be included or full price for happy hour items or something like that.  Not sure why that keeps happening, there seems to be some pressure on the staff.  
Otherwise, the place is trendy and seems small and loud in the busy times, spacious and accommodating when just the right amount of people.  
Best time is dinner, in a booth, not on a weekend and when you are really hungry as the food portions are generous.",review,4hrVQL0nc9JHfzW1OZV48w,0,0,0
8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ,2010-07-27,OLQ8Va7P37hKQaUh8jXGwg,4,"I just stayed here a few nights back, and I thought it was pretty great. Comfy bed, nice sheets, free Internet, good temperature control, Aveda products in bath. The hotel itself is a bit of a hodge-podge decoratively; kind of like somebody got a subscription to Wallpaper and decided they could be a decorator. That said, altogether it is sort of winning and it feels like a good value. Plus, the restaurant downstairs was perfecto when we visited.",review,6Locm87mkNkfVMzgwbRDaw,0,0,0
XeoeF0twXRV4mUZJgIjc8A,2012-04-07,EXiTtoAhcLtX7h4s5Ddodg,4,"I'ld give 6 stars if possible for each and every appetizer we have had. The tomato soup, caesar salad, beignets, and crab dip are all way more delicious than they have any right to be. However, the stand out is clearly the shrimp canapé - one of the best  appetizers I've ever had. Period. 

The other side of the coin is the at-best mediocre entrees. The first night we had a gift certificate and ordered an absurd amount of food and ended up leaving both the burger and meatloaf largely untouched. On subsequent visits the appetizers were consistently amazing and the variety of entrees just didn't live up to the apps. The blackened tacos were bland and tasteless. The meatloaf was swimming in liquid. The burger bun was overly toothsome and the burger bland. 

Long story short - order appetizers (which there are more than enough of) and you will be happy. Also happy hour is great but the wine is overpriced otherwise. 

Take away = worth it for shrimp canapé if nothing else!",review,iKbTz_0m4rEOB4yTL12VSQ,0,1,0
zruUQvFySeXyEd7_rQixBg,2007-11-25,NcoKTo4t4esEMvsbanIebA,4,"Standing like a paragon of virtue in a sea of decadence, U.S. Egg's Scottsdale's location is place of redemption, both for your soul and your appetite. Open only for breakfast and lunch, the restaurant attracts as diverse a clientele as the 'dale itself. This is not somewhere that relies on being a tourist trap: some locals are known to eat here daily.

Its location is slightly outside the Old Town Pale, but still within walking distance unless it's the height of summer. Secondly, it has its own parking lot, making it as accessible as Denny's or a Marie Callendars. Nevertheless the lot is often full on weekend mornings, and you will definitely see people waiting. unless you arrive very early or late. There is both an outdoor patio seating area and a large indoor dining room.

Having gone numerous times alone, I am always impressed how quickly I am seated. No bias against tables for one here. The servers are all personable and graceful...yet not self-aggrandizing. This is not a Michelin four-star restaurant however, and you should not expect being waited on hand and foot. Given the volume of service, it's also commendable how few mistakes are made and how prompt everything is.

The food is also excellent. Although you can order both lunch or breakfast, I tend to crave the latter more. There's plenty of variety on the menu and they have both innovative dishes and old staples. This helps to explain why the uber-fab Scottsdale club kids patronize this place just as much as the Cadillac set. Prices are very reasonable for Scottsdale, though perhaps too much for a dirt-poor college student or person living only on Social Security.

The building also capitalizes on Arizona's sunny weather with high ceilings and plenty of windows...causing plenty of light to splash in and helping to evoke that sense of morning and freshness. There's plenty of ambient noise as a result...but it's almost reassuring. Not to mention that the hearing-aid crowd and club crawlers may be too deaf to notice.

U.S. Egg is not flawless, however. From a cost point of view, the restaurant has to contend with the fact that breakfast is usually the cheapest meal of the day. Without a dinner menu though to recoup cost, diners have to grin and bear any perceived cost imbalance from say  Denny's. Neverthless it's still worth it, in my opinion. The other shortcoming stems from the food. Different dishes often rely on the same sides. If you get sick of their potatoes for example, you can be really out of luck despite ordering something different every time. Moreover their signature dishes again may not impress truly demandng foodies.

While it may not cure your hangover (or incontinence), U.S. Egg remains firmly on the map for locals. Managing to please all of Scottsdale is a tall order, and the owners, managers, and staff all should stand tall and be proud.",review,IMsUuPGFQoNMeZzbhqtiCw,1,1,1
ncuj9qx4WjprfJfYJGdmtQ,2009-07-25,yNkbGXTg9q_Bl293-hpgww,5,"Holy WOW Batman!

This place is ONE-OF-A-KIND...it's Awesometown & it's YUMMY!

Once you step inside you'll instantly  get the picture.    It's WOW factor is off the meter.

Smeeks sells a never ending selection of treats of all kinds...it's THE PLACE for unique, off the wall, goofy gifts.   AND CANDY. 

I give a big round of applause to LOCAL, small business owners who stick their necks out in ANY economic climate but in today's woe-filled world of running a business, they become instant SUPER HEROES!

If a picture is worth a thousand words, you can take a peek at 25,000 more reasons to visit Smeeks here:
http://monkeywonderland.com/blog/",review,_PrNbtn0GETIAODetNHytw,1,0,0
aApHpyUbnqBJmL_3X6UFOA,2011-04-20,J08O_AWboVS3S-gV8p2Wvg,1,"Wish I could review this place on service but I wasn't able to get one.  Walked in at 1 PM on a Sunday afternoon for a mani pedi, was told by the front nail tech to have a seat.  I get it, I walked in on a Sunday afternoon so they are going to be busy and I am fine to wait.  My wait turned into 30 minutes and no one said a word to me.  Then the front nail guy tells me it is going to be another 20 minutes before someone would be able to get to me.  You know your salon, you know your techs and how long it will take them to do a service as well as how many people are in front of me so it would have been nice to have gotten a expected wait time before I wasted an hour my time.  I ended up leaving and going to another salon who saw me right away  

The place in general was dirty, nail polish spilled down the wall and dust everywhere.  I did not get to see how clean their pedi baths and chairs were but the front waiting and front desk area was filthy.",review,tmTxuDadTVc-KFyhvPuseQ,0,0,1
k_aOcqWOHWprjs7ykdzlAQ,2011-05-03,jV8urg-jD-Bcmbw7sRCP5g,2,"This place looks sleek from the causeway, but the food is marginal. We had the veggie taco plate and the veggie burrito. Both lacked flavor, even the ""spicy"" salsa was bland. Server was friend and attentive, that is the only reason I am giving it two stars. I would just go here for a drink next time and skip the food entirely.",review,Ac7dJXB_JN_J40ZOunnwAA,0,1,0
ZdyxpksKc1Go0WNuFv9Pjg,2012-01-30,qS2a6XOdlGgF5h0l7k1B_g,1,"OH MAHHH GOSH, what retards they have working here. Came in to pay for my phone bill and literally stood in line for 40 effing minutes. They had TWO ppl out on the sales floor that afternoon and the store was freaking packed. Really? What genius decided to schedule TWO freaking meat-heads who knew diddly squat about anything on a busy Saturday afternoon??? And no, I don't care to upgrade my phone. I JUST WANT TO PAY FOR MY BILL AND GTFO OF THERE!!!! Do you really think that after such poor service I am going to want to up your commission rate by purchasing/upgrading my phone with you? NO.",review,k1iTMp7uW1CSQFCq4jl56g,0,0,0
1sNa5oW9ZYX8MbMFkx9LzQ,2012-04-12,mskE3wn8J8tLHHOiOPRDKw,5,"Definitely an awesome buffet.  Not your typical buffet stereotype.  Love the sushi.   Great variety of things to have.  If memory serves,  it was 19.99 when I was there.  I think a tad high, but someone mentioned 25 bucks, so maybe it's come down :-?  Sake is priced well, and the beers.",review,Ja8FvcWiWHEXME2vmTPTkA,0,1,0
VAlzQ-qJsSoTcJTc_1Pd1Q,2009-10-07,j_B9YUo9vUXdclPbadiseg,4,"My company is into giving back to the community, so they invited my department to volunteer at St. Mary's during work-hours this week. It was a great experience and I would do it again! We filled boxes that get passed out to families in need. It makes me feel so good to volunteer and help others. And I feel so lucky to work for a company that supports and encourages this kind of service! 

St. Mary's was the first Food Bank in the world, they have expanded into a national effort. I also learned that 1 in 5 children wake-up and go to sleep hungry, 1 in 7 adults (18-64) have to decide between eating or buying things like gas/rent/bills/etc, and 1 in 12 seniors (64+) are struggling with bills/medical needs/food.

Help someone else and make yourself feel great - volunteer!!",review,s8fJCSltyub39Q1dqzjb6g,13,14,6
3GAPcBG8SowgrpS6UHlDeQ,2010-05-16,0EQA4piRJdL0QtrA2oJeqw,4,"Tried Bombay Spice last night. After reading the website and reviews, it seemed like it would fit perfectly our combined need to finally find good Indian fare in Phoenix AND not blow our calorie budget (husband and I are trying--and succeeding!-- in losing weight). Success on both counts!

It was Saturday at about 6:30 and we were seated immediately. The place was almost full. We sat on the patio, which was lovely, but might get too hot during the summer (I didn't see any misters--You're Welcome, Mother Earth!). 

 Service was attentive, and our waitress gave us several recommendations. 

We ordered:
Somosas (baked, I think, not fried, which made them a little messier to eat but still very very tasty).
Naan (chewy, moist, naan-y...yum)
Grilled Shrimp skewers (a little on the skimpy side, but very tasty, and served with grilled peppers and onions and a delightful mint sauce).

We each ordered individual entrees with basmati. They encourage you to order the two-entree choice, but we were trying to avoid over-ordering, and it turned out to be exactly the right amount of food. 

I ordered the Cauliflower and potatoes, which was moist, savory, a little spicy, and very tasty, albeit lacking a little in the sauce department (I would have liked a little something to spoon over my rice).

Husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was exceptional. They claim that they don't use cream in their food, so I don't know how they made the masala sauce so creamy and good, but they did and I'm not going to question it any more! I would have licked the bowl if we had been at home. 

Next time I think we'll get some apps again but try the Bombay Plate to share, which is 5 entree choices and rice. That way we can try a whole bunch of things. 

$35 before tip for naan, two appetizers, and two single-choice entrees. Not bad for a Saturday out. We'll definitely be back, even though it was  kind of a drive for us.",review,HvaVgP0S0dFaCbBDIQIkag,0,0,0
jQt1xMibtitBczJN6LXT1Q,2008-07-07,c9KKGMNN9HSPP1BzLZhFTA,4,"I always have fun here.

I went here on new years this year and had a good time.

I did see the most pathetic lesbian here. She wore her make up and dressed just ike the Shane Character in the LWord.

Al I could think was, WOW what a loser.
and I wish I was that skinny

Do you have no personality that you wear a costume everyday.!!

So I was with my girlfriend in line and we were holding each other. She walked away for five seconds and asked my girlfriend for her number.
My girlfriend totally dissed her.
I walked up and you could see the fear in her eye. She just kept saying  Sorry, Sorry, Sorry.

Well anyway aside from that I like this place.

But dont go in the bathroom unless you have to. There are always tranny's doing coke or k in the womens bathroom.

Make sure and use a tissue to lock and unlock the stall",review,ZZ43etAB2n_T53YBYtf8Dw,8,13,12
E4b5OC_6mZ0V7B6Nyjncsg,2011-08-09,4oplrng2W2PyyvfS72KiOw,5,"MMMMM. Let me break it down for you...when you can hear staff in the kitchen saying ""oh wow, that looks amazing"" as plates are coming up in the window, you're in for a treat. I mean the fact that they see these dishes time and time again and are still excited by them....! Then flash forward to the next day and if you're heating up second lunch (I like to eat) in the office micro and employees comment on the delicious smells, yeah you're doing a-ok! I was solo this time because Gabi M was home with baby Mess and I didn't think to call Jarred (sorry bud!). Eating alone certainly wasn't as much fun but it was delicious. Eggplant is a must. You just HAVE TO get it, done. In addition I also had a really yummy chicken dish with wide noodles, veggies, basil, and a spicy/sweet sauce. SO tasty. The portions are enormous, so don't balk at the prices. Grab two entrees, share with the group, take home leftovers...that simple ;).

Know Before You Go:  I'm only in Scottsdale one every other month and Tottie still remembers me when I come in, and that rocks! Big fan.",review,lC0KGXmIhyjzghBUlVnkhQ,6,3,3
5SS69rC8XWvdlD1OHifEEQ,2011-02-08,stuJwnGu1UXYBjV7f8fFZQ,4,"Don't let the name deceive you. Beaver Choice is an EXCELLENT dining experience. 

My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying desperately to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with free samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. 

I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. 

We were both pleasantly surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the cheapest dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. Kudos if you finish it all. 

Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the best food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I encourage each of you to give it a shot. I guarantee you won't come away disappointed!",review,v09OVnv2yU8z2-uok-07EQ,0,7,0
OkRzw22eDg45do8i-1jHow,2011-12-06,sZetg2MgIYxLu-Z44FIlYA,2,"I love love love consignment stores...and walking in this store, the smell was great...  however...

I have to say i am disappointed with My Sister's Closet. I had heard such great things, so I was really excited to go. They did have some amazing designer purses, including a $3400 jimmy chu purse that was huge and gorgeous for $1899.  

The designer section clothing was hung on nice wooden hangers with their logo (Nice touch). 

However....... The items I saw around the store, and my friend with me agreed, seemed like more than 40% really were more appropriate for a thrift store, and a lot of the items were really dirty (and still had high prices). You could see food stains on a dooney bag.. a coach wristlet, black, had white food smeared all over it... still highly priced for as dirty as it is. The thing is... even if it is a brand.. sometimes your store reputation is worth more than the 10 bucks you'll make by selling something dirty. Just my .02. 

I saw sensors put though jeans pockets, wallets (in the leather!) and other questionable placements. When I asked about it.. the sales person just said, well maybe there is someone new who does not put it in the right place. That damages items people are buying, and they may not realize the big holes placed by those sensors. 

I loved there ""on the web"" tags. I've never seen that before, but they are really pretty and catch your eye if you want to take a closer look. 

I prefer consignment stores to identify the sizes on the hanger by color coding or some such to make it easier to find my sizes. I get bored really fast trying to find my size..  As a consumer, I would have spent more time looking had I been able to really scan the racks easier for size.

The shoes are nicely organized.... and clearly labeled. They were not over crowded so it was easy to see the shoes. 

There are some positives.. I purchased a le sportsac tiny bag for 9.99, it was new so i do feel it was a good deal.  but really be careful what you buy.. The prices for the purses seemed high for used resale and their obvious usage stains.",review,fgNjgqVP5dNgQFfQLyjXyQ,0,1,0
XbVqzUHS3c9FhG4lI13c3Q,2011-04-08,8diZqCG-JIUBjTcPy-Ockg,4,"Yummy in my tummy goes the won-ton soup. It is my go to for when anyone is feeling sick and totally hits the spot with all its veggies. Best in the valley, IMHO. The fried rice is also really yummy here. They don't skimp on the veggies which I love. 

Last visit to eat in was a couple weeks ago and the waitress/owner(?) was super nice to us and our French friends visiting from across the pond. I will definitely make an effort to eat in more often instead of ordering out.",review,qRo9gHN5OiV1-peDuhCh-g,1,2,0
zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ,2010-03-04,DnLwKwS88h6zqUdqHflczQ,4,"Carly's Bistro is one of my new favorites - especially now that I'm moving downtown! Very vegetarian friendly, and lots of yummy dishes with tons of flavor! Their hummus is TO DIE FOR! So much flavor!!! My favorite sandwich is the Europa with roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and spinach and smoked mozarella on cibatta. Delish!! 

They also have a fantastic beer menu! Quite extensive with a type to make anyone happy! 

They're a great location for parties, and offered happy hour prices on all drinks during the event.

I'm going there for dinner tonight and can't wait!!",review,kq5Pdsy8Znyh9KEkxWT_QA,2,2,0
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ,2012-09-17,J2AWK69TkltyPCZPbVyhfQ,4,"I had no idea they were open for lunch! Perfect since the boy and I were down town during lunch the other day. 

We stopped in around 2:30 inthe afternoon. No Wait! I couldn't even believe it. I hadn't eaten there since I was a little girl, but it was just as good as I remember.

We got a couple beers and split the Margarita Pizza. It was sooo yummy! Perfectly crispy on the edges and lots of flavor. The service was a tini bit slow, but no big deal, we loved it. 

If you want great pizza and dont want to wait the normal 3 hours during dinner, you should hit up Pizzaria Bianco while the sun is still up, less wait time if at all. 

Enjoy!!",review,_uL7OiQSfNsCd60DrAf7qQ,1,1,0
aVBebzA7D9DpQ-JbiCxQNg,2010-08-15,Ejk8EkaRYjIHxKPYCm60qQ,4,"There are two places in Phoenix that have the BEST barbecue sauce.  Honey Bears is the ""Not sweet"" one, LoveJoys is the ""Sweet"" one.  Love them both.",review,RL3exTbJkDfOmlB5ByaPdA,0,0,0
P1mtrjPrvZpxRDVTQQ_Zxw,2010-11-17,xE4U7nr6T1dBz5IXZBWRtQ,5,Been a loyal customer since they opened ten years ago.  Quality cut and great people. These are professional barbers who have been doing this for years.  No froo froo!  Russian not spoken there!,review,oGSzG4TlTFR38JtHUvsGyA,1,3,1
PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ,2008-05-29,3VByh5FvxtHnG4vPrD2CLQ,5,"Had lunch here with my wife today. It's the second time I've been and her first. After my first visit it rocketed into my top five favourite restaurants of all time. They have some top notch food, and the best thing is that it's such a deliciously welcome change from the bottom-feeder's Mexican crap that you see all over Phoenix. The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything. Appetizers include fried alligator and frog's legs. The main I had today was their Mardi Gras Pasta, which is linguini with tomato, thin-sliced garlic, andouille sausage, crawfish meat, onion and delicious shrimp topped with a really nice creamy sauce. Absolutely delicious. The wife had mahi-mahi with an even NICER sauce, and dirty rice on the side. Although a tiny bit on the pricy side it's definitely worth coming back to. Large open seating (outdoor seating also available), dimly lit, old-style jazz, a large full-service bar and a very quaint outside waiting area with water feature, giant fans etc. The service was also great and both times I've been, the waiters have been very helpful (the first guy told me that if I got the large serving of alligator, to try it 'half-blackened' - a great tip which allowed me to taste both 'styles' of the appetizer). They also have things I've not heard of before like etoufee and opelousas. If my dad didn't live over seven thousand miles away I'd take him here in an instant - he'd absolutely love the place. You will too.

Oh yeah, they have creme brulee (with fresh fruit) and sweet potato pecan pie, amongst other things, for dessert. We had the latter - yum.",review,6G8vLJUi1Ees2qC3RGA3Nw,1,4,0
bOB11LVavtN9PWTNwR52Tw,2012-02-20,g7VR45bxzGwnBf29fpdH_g,5,"Owned by a serious, James Beard nominee, this is high taste, funky fun for killer Mexican food.  We sat at the bar, and joked with the cool bartenders for a while; all the time trying a myriad of different tacos.  Every single one was great!  This is the real deal, with a creative edge.",review,TipKplskSSMKdy5uQmYGVw,0,0,0
8XmJg-Uy9FtOqlDOaSJsZw,2012-12-04,Jh7DzXUdTCzADOV5MkzfnA,4,"My mom and my son and I went to old town on a Thursday to check out some galleries and listen to some of the buskers! So after our perusing we stopped to get ice cream. 

Real ice cream! Petersen's is a really cool place and it's brand new! Just opened 11/23 I think. Well they have lots of great flavors like Georgia Peach, NY Black Cherry, Cappuccino, Peppermint with real peppermint, lots of sorbet, lots of chocolate stuff that I didn't want to try, and old favs like cookie dough, butter pecan etc. 

They also sell pints and also gallons I think! 

The staff is super cool and well educated about the history of the shop. I think the girl said they originated in Chicago and that the tiles in the ceiling are from the original location! I just thought that was so cool! She also said that they could sub the milk in your lattes and coffe with ice cream to make pepperment lattes and more wild flavors! I thought that was pretty rad. 

Anyway, if you are in old town I highly recomend you check this place out!",review,k2u1F6spBGhgk2JtAe97QA,4,6,5
_TsQL0GYnStvozi_xOtV2w,2007-04-05,IbNlNnTM22bTGHYsRIQ0Aw,4,"This isn't a place that you go a whole lot - but BOY are they helpful when you need them!

I brought in my cordless phone that has some special battery internally that was slowly dying to the point that I could only talk on the phone for about 10 minutes per charge.  Not so fun.  I brought the phone here and the guy was super helpful to find the right battery that would work.  While I was there I saw folks getting batteries for SO many amazing and unique things. 

So if you're looking for something a little more complex than a Duracell AA, you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for, I heard them suggest different brands/types of AA battery.  Not something I normally want to think about - but handy to know.",review,l53FUDHRHLg7BQ89KgAtxQ,0,0,0
vARjqeIkSNsazHltujiq4Q,2009-04-24,ODKUFux50Nv78i_cROfhRQ,4,Amazing food and I prefer the atmosphere at this location.,review,GJAFlck0bmtYgwZ1pEt61g,0,0,0
h26RO7jLyJ6YPHegwpQUPQ,2009-05-09,3eiYDcA_DLY3EsEllcImoA,1,"I hate for my first official review to be a one star review but Macayo's really disappointed me last night. When I first pulled into the parking lot last night I was surprised to see how many empty parking spaces there were. I immediately got excited because normally any restaurant on Bell road any night of the week has a wait. However, when I walked inside I saw a slew of people waiting to be seated. I walked up to the hostess stand and put my name on the list and the hostess did not give me a time quote and when I asked how long it would be she quoted me, ""not too long."" We waited about 15 minutes before being shown to our table which is where the trouble really began. 

Once we were at our table we were quickly greeted by our server (yay) however, she told us she had another table's drink order to get and then she would be back for ours (boo). So we waited for her to take the other two tables drink orders before coming back to take ours. 

After about 10 minutes we got our fountain drinks and then 5 minutes later she came back to take our food order. Then it took about 50 minutes for our food to come out. Seriously, 50 minutes.... that's about how long I planned to spend at Macayo's not how long I planned on waiting for my appetizer of taquitos to take to come out. And to top it off we were missing a side of rice and a side of baja sauce. We decided not to mention it as we did not want to wait another hour for the two items to come out. So, after eating and waiting for our drinks to be refilled 3 times we finally got the check to which the server apologized for our wait. Apparently, she couldn't have apologized at all during our 50 minute minute wait she needed to wait until tip time. 

I don't recommend going to Macayos. You might have better luck at any of the other 10 Mexican restaurants on Bell Road.",review,g6e53q-wNxtbz5KI9B3pnw,1,1,1
wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ,2012-07-02,BRKLL3DwD6HE7d4TZM-dCg,4,"Awesome job rejuvenating this bar from the dark dive bar it was. They have a great selection of brews from all over AZ, the US, and the globe as well as a very decent wine list. Thus far I've tried the pork tacos and the grilled cheese, both of which were delicious. Service was a little on the slow side as our server was clearly over-loaded.",review,_h2h6TX5xhhWFIPMnpMd3g,0,0,0
6fR4ncWEfdMLk9AacDsRzQ,2010-08-29,WtmKdxFLjOueWlI6uN10EQ,4,"I love F&E. Been shopping at the 12th street location since it opened there doors. This store works best for me since I live a very busy lifestyle. The pre-packaged foods, fruits and veggies make life easier for me. For a small store they have a great variety of things to choose from. This is not a one stop shop to find everything, however they seem to always have the items that work best for me. They don't have as many Safeway or Fry's grocery deals, but they have discounted items regulary to choose from. There prices are slightly higher then Trader Joes for the amount of food.

The store is always neat and clean. There is tons of help incase you have guestions. You can bag your own or there is someone there to help you.",review,mqELWLgzXtcQDCxY60Xkyg,0,0,0
jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA,2012-12-17,zCZR_W3ufhOr6sED_mkjpA,1,"If I could give zero stars, I would. Just about the worst experience for my friend and I. We came in for a quick and easy dinner.  After being ignored at the door way repeatedly, we sat ourselves.  First, we had a girl server who said shed be back with menus, but right in front of us at the bar we see her flirting instead of coming back. Our server switched to another guy who was just as bad at serving. I have no idea how this place ever received more than one star based on the staff alone. They're lazy, slow, and completely ruin the entire experience of dining there.  The happy hour prices are great, but there are other RA's so do yourself a favor and go to a different location.",review,BHLMwsKIFaZQYSjQ5j0KOA,1,6,2
R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw,2010-05-20,EkStkYu5X036HWWEdrrgrw,4,"Step back in time! Every once in awhile you start to look for something different for lunch and then pops up a place like MacAlpines. Besides the great 50's atmosphere and good food, this place will have you smiling and reminicing the moment you step into the door!

I am not downtown that often but rest assured, I will be back to this place.",review,v-QA7zDJ6Y07LoW5M9BjRw,0,1,0
jXmrfhAx6NIPmjuMWDj4dw,2011-12-06,jcF1k1BmTR0HRZRYk9qBNA,3,"I visited one Sunday afternoon just to check it out in reply to an ad I saw to visit for free for (5) days. Typically, when you respond to ads like that from a gym, the staff requests your information such as name, address, & phone so they can sell you on a membership later. That was not the case with me. It was very informal. I advised I was not a member and wanted to give their place a shot. The guy in the front desk said come right on in; no personal information requested and no tour. I'm glad there was no sales pressure. I thought the no tour part was kind of odd, but after doing my walk through, I understand why. The place is not very big. They have weights and cardio machines and the treadmills each had a personal television on the machine. The whole facility appeared clean and there were free towels for the taking for your workout. The lockers in the men's locker room were really nice. They were made brown wood. You can view a sample of the interior of the facility on their website. They looked really classy, but they were not free. There were cabinets offered outside of the locker rooms that you can keep your personals in with a latch that allows you to insert your personal lock on. There was also a small room for classes.

I wasn't very impressed with this gym mainly because it was very small. I came during a Sunday afternoon when most gyms don't see much traffic so I don't know what it's like during normal high traffic periods such as early mornings and after 5pm on weekdays. I would imagine that due to the small size of this gym that they cater more to the very local crowd. I wouldn't give this location a poor rating because there wasn't really anything that stood out that was negative other than the limited space and equipment. You might think of this location as the alternative to the larger chain gyms like 24 Hour Fitness, LA Fitness, or Lifetime Fitness. You can always take a look for yourself; apparently, they don't provide too much sales pressure for visitors. Anyway, that's my say on Mountainside Fitness at Bell Rd in North Scottsale next to the Ice Den skating rink.",review,ZkMwOom9fRaZvJxgjZOVXA,0,0,0
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA,2010-04-25,BxhQDNhovg61t-cepw91kw,4,"This was our last stop on the Urban Wine Walk yesterday, and it was a great place to end the day.  Because this was our last stop, we were too late to get the wine special, however we decided to stay and grab a table on the gorgeous patio and get a (full) glass of wine.  We also ordered some sweet potato fries to munch on.

The patio was awesome and I love how the ""inside"" opened up to become an extension of the patio, or vice versa.  We were lucky enough to be experiencing one of those perfect Arizona days and I felt like I was sitting in a good friend's cute, cozy backyard . . . with table service.  Speaking of the service, no complaints from me!

The original plan was to get dinner, but the wine, fries, and good conversation were enough to fill us up and take us to the end of the night.  I can't wait to go back (soon, to enjoy the patio) and try all of the delicious food I was reading about on the menu and now in everyones reviews!",review,AirVzN1BVQBmq5zY0YMNYQ,2,2,0
iqLVYrsX25XUZqjRjvbYfg,2010-02-17,6ZaL_4E6wA1y6ncCa-8C9A,4,"My birthday cake came from Tammie Coe and it was AMAZING. 

It was beautiful decorated with amazing frosting. But it was the inside that won me over. Gooey, decadent chocolate, oh my! It was so rich, I ate half a slice... but it was oh so worth it!",review,APLIPfq1Rf8QyhHHk2uAyA,2,2,0
pdxyZdnwltQXcu-kD5rpXQ,2012-09-25,4dgAgSHDa9iH85_uCMBVMw,4,"This is the very first time I have ever been in here.This location anyway, the first one was in downtown Seattle. 
 Yes, I came with my girlfriend. Both times,but it is a cool place for men as well.
Samples of colonge, creams ,lotions and anything else you have ever wanted to try. 
They will even give you samples of things to take home. They will make you a sample of anything you would like to try.
It can be challange to get inside the Scottsdale Mall at times.
But, on this day it was not too bad,(during the week) and early in the day.
It is a cool place,with lots to see and try. Loads of people wanting to help you as well.",review,kffxYQVQsEpF1DVlQlcGCg,6,5,6
bgTB6MgdVQssXhkNJ7qIfw,2008-03-28,6-JMWkiYMLI84WXzl_xvEQ,4,"Roka Akor Scottsdale is an extension of the celebrated Roka in London.
I attended the opening night and a follow up for lunch the following day. Overall, I was impressed with the offerings of fresh sushi, and robata grilled tidbits. The dish that really won me over was crab hot pot and the creamy rice was absolutely zoftik.
I drank many fresh sochu  infused cocktails, and crushed three bottles of sake with skilled Kikisake-shi, Sayaka Watanabe. This Japanese sake sommelier is London-based and the zuma-roka group sake trainer. They do have a fantastic sake selection. Easily the best in Scottsdale. She loved my sake brand I created with Midorikawa called Green River, and my low alcohol brand sake, Koide, as well.
They also have a great Italian Sommelier named Alessandro Marchesan, who is also based out of London. Too bad they are only loaner personnel from HQ in London.
The room is clean and beautiful with post modern Asian inspired lines. The staff is eager and young, but quite unskilled in refined service.  I am sure that will be a long cycle for the Roka management to fix. I have a dear friend who dined there on her birthday. She told me the service was ""shockingly bad."" She then reiterated that is was,  ""so bad that it was entertainingly bad!"" The food great and hopefully the service will match soon. Kanpai, Roka..kudos on your sake program.",review,mEMZxvHpemSxn1gl7Lj1Zw,2,0,0
YxLiLBNTm4cOg7OlKKLmVw,2011-04-30,a8RmP9xeCGIlfFFI2uGiSA,4,"Been dining here about a year and still trying diff things from the menu and all have been good. I don't think the heat is unedible even the hottest plates are just ""good"" hot.",review,9qbNt1lvi7ZvXkHOgFguMA,0,1,0
dP3bRr_N7Z8SkHNkZBXonw,2008-12-10,m45-62YW1-eFJrsydFyqhQ,5,"Superb gelato - some of the best I've ever had! The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.

They only use real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, and nothing contains hydrogenated oil.

I tasted a few flavors and settled on the coconut... it was sublime. 

Definitely some of the best Gelato I have ever had. When I need a mid day sugar rush... I'll be back!",review,HZeFzs42f0iGaA-sP_hUnA,3,5,3
PT7V38tg1Re9MLIrEwdh8w,2011-04-10,vTq6GalikN1nPE5kjGgAOw,3,"We've been in the market looking for a church for the family to start attending. Chandler Christian seemed to be a nice offering since they are located fairly close to the house and have a decent size to offer something for each group (parents & children).  I've gotten some good reviews from a family that I know that attends.  I LOVE that they have a service on Saturday, as that is ALWAYS a plus for me.

The sermon for today was an interesting one, and it seemed to be relevant and on topic for today.  The pastor took an updated slant to the story to make it a bit more relevant to today's time.  My husband was even laughing at the pastor's jokes.  My mother-in-law even commented on how she liked the music.  I did notice that the verses that they pulled up were not the verses that I remember.  I believe it's due to them using a different version.

All of this being said, the service seemed to be a good one. The signage indicated that this was non-denomination; however, the service reminded me one Baptist services from childhood.",review,fLjjtm4beQfqPxLfeuqboA,0,0,0
fOERqjUznd2KBMKrxlMUww,2011-12-14,XrX0-4zGrKQbJxSkj3tEkw,4,Who the heck doesn't love huge amounts of toilet paper and free samples of food... come on now!,review,W9ZG5q-QIblXYeHgaPS5Uw,0,0,0
sbjb1qNUcqQomJvcgPuJCg,2010-03-30,z3pSiipCrQM3B6i9PrnoGw,5,Best steak I have ever eaten is at Ruth's Chris steakhouse. Comes to your table sizzling hot. Sides are sold individually but are pretty good. The deserts and appetizers are awesome. Being an upscale place be prepared to take a hit in the wallet. If you really want to impress a date this would be a good place to do it.,review,hJBOxmNREXmMGTfXgMcGug,0,0,0
FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ,2010-04-01,6hTGSj4vZzj33LW0ZwCwlw,5,"The last time I was at The Vig, they tricked me.. You see, they have these glass doors that they open up in the back of the restaurant when its nice out, and sometimes, when you go through those doors from the outside to take a trip to the loo, they close them on you, so like an asshole, you attempt to walk back outside the way you came, but instead you bash your head and knees into the glass window in front of 35 people. Be mindful of this.

But hey, at least they had the most amazing wine specials that night and I was saucy enough to laugh it off and take a bow. And then I hid in the bocce ball pit for the remainder of the evening where I somehow acquired 200 bruises. 

I love the Vig. Even when I'm embarrassing the shit out of myself.",review,v5k-__wHo2xPI25WO-dcQA,6,5,6
9Ep4sguv3HH_8lWyzSogjw,2009-12-23,edqj4YI0oxMGHN7L65Zb1g,4,"Great burgers and menu offerings.  You would expect to get a good burger with a name like that and you do.  The sweet potato fries, Frenched fried onions, and Salmon Salad are very good too.  

The decor, location, and menu are restaurant alternative for the area.  

The menu was a little confusing and little pricey yet the quality of the food is there and considering the location of the restaurant pricing isn't an issue.  

I do recommend to restaurant to others.",review,2gvAjt4fV9YsjDZHEqCTpQ,0,1,0
GIGI8bJfN6HyPzmEW-QqjA,2010-01-08,g6-nj_J5zKyWMKfJDdqjjQ,3,"Ahhh... Zinc.  It's been a while since I have left Paris.  Being a resident and citizen there for so long, I would like to think I can spot a decent French fare.  I have now been to Zinc three times, every time I ordered something different, so far the food has not dissapointed as much as the prices have.  Wow.

Okay, okay, you have a spot in Scottdale, it's a nice little posh area with plenty of traffic, designer furniture and nick-nack and artsy stores that typically have things that would require your to take out a 2nd mortgage to afford those things that often just gather dust, one season at a time at home.  You would think someone on that strip would be the one to say, let's have reasonable prices.  Zinc is not one of those.

The restaurant has the name Bistro in it. They have folks dining out on the sidewalk, dining with noise and the occasional smell of BMW exausts...  That's beautiful and very Parisian, also very Bistro.  Here is a wake up call though... Bistros offer fares with decent prices, a prix fixe menu and simply good simple food.  

The prices were incredibly high for what you do get.  Unfortunately the charm of having an outdoor patio and serving fries in fake newspaper doesn't cut it.    The Steak Frites (a hanger steak w/ fries and a brandy sauce) is a French Bistro Classic, a staple if you will and that was the only thing that was fairly prices for what you get.  But if you knew how much those cuts are to get from a supplier, you'd be asking questions about the prices even then.

On two of those occasions we had cheese plates, it was more of a mix and match, you could pick from a few Chevres, Softs and hard cheeses,  they were incredibly small portions but the breads that came with the platter was very tasty, warm and fresh.  It is typically served with a ramkin of olives.

So overall, sounds like I am bashing this restaurant, I am not but I am dieing to find a reason to go back because there is something good about it, the atmosphere, the lighting, the seasonal menu.  But little things keep me from enjoying Zinc.  Such as the time we sat at the secluded back part of the restaurant, the small courtyard.  Very charming, though some of the waiters, and cooks smoked right outside of the courtyard's gates.  The smell of cheap cigarettes and mumbled chatter caused us to ask for another table, when we did, we were all the sudden looked as ""picky customers"".  

One more tip Zinc, you may want to get the mall janitor to move his trash can from the view of your utmost beatiful courtyard, such promise, undelivered due to tacky flaws that could have been prevented by an attentive manager or even a caring waite staff.

Don't miss:  Dining in the courtyard, or the sidewalk.
Skip: Specials that are simply trendy",review,y5TsYk1VTXgbNoYCWw-IPw,1,2,0
GZNEPuEPqs7JIswUhOttnw,2011-10-19,pwwdUSZ0KO7Yfu8sNQ9nxQ,5,"I'm so happy this store is located so close to my house! Every time I come to this store I get great service. I mainly use this store to get food items for my dog or the grooming salon - where Zombi has never had a bad experience. This location also has a Banfield Vet Hospital, PetsHotel, Doggie Day Camp, Training services and at times has adoptions. My best friend has used both the PetsHotel and the Doggie Day Camp for her pooch and has never had a bad experience. I also used the Banfield Vet to get Zombi up-to-date on her Rabies and the Vet was super nice. The best part was that I didn't even have an appointment, I just walked in and they were able to fit me in after a five minute wait.

My only pet peeve (pun intended) is there is usually only one cashier working and the line can get pretty long. However, it doesn't take long for another employee to open up another line to speed up the check-out experience AND they usually show up on their own, without customers complaining about only having one cashier. Bonus!",review,fl6oI21uXoxVMwfR6lFanQ,1,2,1
P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg,2008-09-26,9wzMmcRUiDcooOiyejzXZQ,4,"A relaxing place to have wine, and talk with the very knowledgable (what is the difference between cab franc and Carménère), great service (waitress came on time and performed pourings properly) and sexy (well at least the waitress) staff.  

Blue/Black diamond wine bar - Great for me and deliberate by the wine bar - Medium/Advanced wine patrons come on down.   Newbies stay away because you're not going to get educated.  Just dont tell anyone about the place during live music night...

I continue to come back year after year when i am in phoenix because of the athmosphere and wine selection.  Very extensive wine selection (3000+ bottles) on file make you wonder where are they hiding it all in this cozy location. 

And now the critque:
Waitstaff has a bit of the starbucks effect where they are act with an aire  of being smarter than the patrons.  

They serve Bistro and flatbread style food - perhaps my choice was silly but it over salted my palatte to the point it started to strip the roof of my mouth.  With such a wine list, a little more probing from the waitstaff to make the pairing work out would be helpful. If you're going to act smarter than the patron, be more 'intrusive' in helping pair the menu.

I am used to wine bars around the country and the prices are above average most likely caused by the scottsdale area effect. 

Finally, bring your solid black ""going out to the club""  outfit - seems to be the uniform of choice of this speakeasy-like patrons.  Great dark athmo to take and sauce liberally your date.

Give it a shot.",review,a5t40JYMQUY-rccT5-HQHQ,1,2,0
_GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q,2011-03-15,pJgM37N3r9lZfq3FVCsjow,4,"I always forget and tell people that Pomeroy's is on Central. I think it must just be that cool - I'm trying to pull it closer to the other really good places to go. It is, in fact, on 7th St. and if you tie it on a little tight, the grocery behind is, in fact, open late. 

It looks like a bar that should have a few regular bar flies and music that screeches to a halt when someone new walks in. And by that, I mean it's the most endearingly divey of bars.

There's shuffleboard, just give your id to the bartender in return for the pucks. There's pool, but you pay quarters for that. The juke box is electronic and you should expect that you're gonna hear Def Leppard at least once during the night. The regulars will help you learn darts, the food is griddle-fare and the guys behind the bar are always good for a chat or to grab you a pint. 

Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix.",review,e6jqQ_YXlGiLPi1z2HO0Pg,2,2,1
wy_R4crNr1BH0CP87y9UHQ,2010-01-24,2lJ8I2bneL0O73gKxb8faQ,4,"This is the second time we visited India Gate. The service was as good as the last time we were there. The waiters are attentive and friendly, willing to explain in detail what and how each dishes were made (for those of us who has no idea what some of the items are on the menu)

Cozy place to have a nice meal, reasonable price.",review,H6fszVMVr0syml5qOmp6RQ,0,0,0
c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA,2010-08-28,lBn8SVtjJnFH5DOMQpV5kw,5,"I visited this place in January while I was in Phoenix and I miss the food! My vegan friend suggested this place to me and my other friend (we were skeptical that vegan food could taste good)...she proved us wrong!

The food here was delicious, I'd eat here regularly if I lived in Phoenix! When we arrived, we were worried about the hours since we got there pretty close to closing time, but they were cool! We shared the samosas and buffalo wings for appetizers. I ordered the Thai Peanut bowl with mock chicken and noodles for my entree. I felt like everything was flavored well and while I enjoy meat normally, this opened my mind to trying other vegetarian places in the future. I liked the ambiance here, great place to grab a bite with friends and chill. It was the perfect place to stop by after a busy weekend! I'll be back next time I'm in the area.",review,114nj5lyzBf6BTkuPSUINQ,0,0,0
L-GfuOmn9mv55571uXvf2A,2012-05-12,t1bEfexVuIMvwMVcy9Iyjg,5,"This is one of my favorite little gems in Phoenix. I've never had better pho than here. I usually order the ""spicy beef sate"" pho, which is miles above the rare beef pho. My family and I also order the pork ""spicy treats"" which is a roll-your-own spring roll. It's delicious and fun! One order feeds all five of us. 

The owner is also extremely nice. They also offer discounts to ASU students! Have to love that.",review,xpQ1patVNb8dyDQvGV8Zvg,0,1,0
iiK8n-m2mUzItIBxGGaVIQ,2009-01-04,d9MK-XkOA_5QcuEIN0V7yg,4,I just love this place and  I always leave feeling refreshed and relaxed.  Highly recommend any of their spa treatments.,review,1RJORk4w9jxxWBKzOvOptw,1,3,0
Snp5LyDO9NeQiuFPOlkavw,2010-04-06,JtyAE5wnR-gF8yemEgmLoQ,3,"I love that walking through the doors of the Sugar Bowl is like taking a step back in time but what I don't love is that it looks like it hasn't been cleaned or had any restoration work done since the day it opened. Lets be honest though, I didn't come here for the decor, I came for the ice cream. 

I was very excited when I saw the sundae covered in chocolate, cherries and marshmallow creme. I love marshmallow creme and chocolate, always a recipe for success when these two ingredients are combined. Well, no luck. They were out of marshmallow creme. I got a brownie sundae instead, only ate half and decided that it was only ok. 

I probably won't go back to this place. There are too many good dessert options out there. Though if my friends insisted, I would more than likely oblige.",review,eicY263RLPCOLrNGSGekvQ,0,1,0
CvldwdURDzZk-3cAlcW3uw,2010-08-02,RLMOOCHGg05SLoTJy_6SpA,1,"Im going to have to agree Whole heartedly. And i informed the manager of it as well. I picked this one because it was close to the Airport and the Light Rail. The noise from the Airport wasnt to bad. But it was the Train Horns all NIGHT LONG and ALL MORNING when your trying to sleep. I wouldnt pick this one, the neighborhood wasnt bad despite what people say. But the Train noise is just unbearable. I got it for the Click 6 rate which was reasonable. Stay Elsewhere. I should of picked one further down that was right off the light rail.",review,aj1atE6H4Jf9mfsHvWhn2Q,0,2,0
jtzhY-P4H6WSYpv5rWhxtw,2012-10-03,brNKE0mA3DBM3gi-RjhJnw,1,"I should have taken my own advice and stayed far away from this place. Our most recent visit ended hastily when I was served rotten tuna and got barely a ""sorry"" from the staff. I could smell that the fish had gone horribly, horribly off when the ahi tuna salad was put before me by the waiter, and I'm shocked that the kitchen actually thought they'd get away with sending it out. The waiter disappeared so quickly from my table that I had to go hunt him down to point out the bad smell at my table was coming from the food, and he took my plate back to the kitchen and five minutes later came back to say, ""okay, we all smelled it and there's definitely something wrong there.""

Seriously? You had to go pass it around to confirm that I'm not crazy when you can clearly tell within ten seconds that this is not how raw fish should smell? After all this, their solution was to comp an appetizer, not the salad, and eventually gave me a new salad to go, which I decided not to eat just to be on the safe side. 

Look, I'm not scared to eat week old leftovers or sushi at a divey joint and I don't really get freaked out by the cleanliness of restaurants, but this could have been dangerous.  I have absolutely warned off all my coworkers and friends against this place, and now I'm warning all of Yelp. It could have been handled in a way that left me confident that it was just another new restaurant kink, but the awful service made it clear that's not the case and I shudder to think of what new low they'll sink to.",review,8SL2Wj7oey5WNEKiquXlig,0,1,0
mCJxU7hLag7xOhOz3z-cwg,2011-09-27,xmtnXNBEyi6LR5OaP9H_JQ,2,These donuts don't taste good anymore. They have an aftertaste like they are using a different type of oil,review,GV40APiM60CXnX7TAzYV0Q,0,0,0
It8Q9-l1EEtTr9NPpTgGPA,2009-12-31,g_rBgIUPJER87CLkOSfY_w,2,"Had a fun UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try.  I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.  (A plantain is something like a huge banana.)  Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things.  It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!

For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars.",review,ikm0UCahtK34LbLCEw4YTw,6,8,3
L9UYbtAUOcfTgZFimehlXw,2012-04-20,NpkfnXsIunIF8WjLgKaZ0g,5,Love this place.  Friendly staff. Always a treat to see what's cooking on the weekend. I don't mind standing in line to order. Great way to meet new friends and talk to old ones. Ask Kiersten about the cortadito.,review,yY9yRsCoBM8AYBEZKNMIRQ,0,1,0
-nPwp-pg-pTEO2nqo1h_lg,2011-08-12,hwy_gtbDPdzvUVtMdgMWqA,3,This theatre is very conveniently located in the Arrowhead mall which of course makes parking a breeze. It isn't my favorite in town because there always seem to be tons of teenagers here (i'm sure BECAUSE it is in the mall) and yes I know if they are too loud then we are too old. In any case the theatres are busy and bustling. The concessions seem very high but I guess that is a trade-off for the convenience.,review,r2KPiKG0S3M3w9FvQbm_lw,0,0,0
fxgmP9FrYBC5ZysZTCbnEQ,2011-05-24,8TuGCR1lQ221S4zxlxNTRQ,4,Love this studio! Teachers are nice and accomodating. This is possibly one of the best yoga classes I have studied. This is a place where you sweat your ass off while listening to music and meditating. Love Sumits Yoga and love the studio in Chandler. Best part is the practice is expanding so check out the website. www.sumitsyoga.com,review,uVYsE8KsrMAndEAQeYc0TQ,0,0,0
af7ZkF4r4ywWQF-QTXvsCA,2010-08-21,ocsU8xA9IPYhfpIBJPGBHQ,5,"Paradise Bakery is one of those places that you can count on for always having something good when your driving around wanting more than a burger and not a sit down meal with a waiter. 
I love the Cranberry Turkey sandwich with fresh fruit. The nice thing to consider is that you can get a whole or a half on the sandwich of your choice.
Once you feel good about the healthy choices you've made you encounter the cookie section at the register. All I'm going to say is that the chocolate chip is to die for!! The chocolate chips just melt in your hands!! Doesn't get any better than that!! 
Paradise Bakery does also have a great breakfast should you want a nice place to go after a nice hike or just want to treat yourself and a friend to great place to visit. 
Put Paradise Bakery on your ""always good"" list!!",review,etQpUPdEqLeETwBJvvo-zQ,0,0,0
xLCbkTYQaP-nij6mEfaw7A,2008-06-14,-xT8TQkA5z6XqNeIkYlZtw,4,"I think half the fun of a used bookstore is the treasure hunt.  This used bookstore is better organized than some of my old haunts in Dallas but I will survive.

I think of used bookstores similar to looking through your Grandmother's attic at her book collection - it isn't supposed to be all shiny and new.

Bookman's has a decent selection of books, I've found an entire collection of Rishdie one afternoon! Of course it is always going to be a crapshoot but that is just the way it is in used books.",review,mYEM5_NAVBkto88I_RF7ow,3,2,0
MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ,2008-08-13,M_6ZhvwF9EcIUsORWAyefQ,5,"Some of the best Italian food I have ever had. This is a favorite for my wife and I. Sima and Marcellino are very nice people, very inviting. The bar is small but fun to hang out at. The food is always fresh and delicious.

Watch out for Marcellino - he likes to push the truffles.",review,YnU-qgATIaFB0EZy8KpuuQ,3,3,1
peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q,2007-09-15,PHmKjnfiKSyx68NXqbf-6A,4,"Merc Bar reminds me of a friend's basement...but your cool friend who has the basement with the bar and neat 70s lighting fixtures.   (I think it's the wood paneling that gives it this feel for me.)  I love that they have magazines you can read, it just drives in that you're at home feeling a little bit more.  But yes, its very dimly lit.  I remarked that I thought Bonnie was right and they did run out of lightbulbs.... We were there fairly early in the night and it was very laid back.   (My husband was in shorts)  I didn't get a snobbish vibe.

The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple.  Close, I guess.  They have bag hooks under the bar which is something that I haven't seen much of here in Arizona and I was really happy about that.   (I hate having to sling my bag off the chair or lay it on the bar.) 

Oh,  it looked like they might have free wi fi because there was a dude in a chair with his mac laptop.

Update:

Ok, so I came home from Merc Bar one night ready to write an update to discover it was the ROTD!  Strange conicidence, eh?  

This time out we were there on a Saturday night which is a little more hopping than an early Friday evening.  Still casual though, people in jeans, sneakers, t-shirts.  (There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.) We were seated at a table this time which I would suggest since it gets full.  Even though it was a Saturday night I still didn't get a snobbish vibe, it was a laid back atmosphere.  Our waitress was a little slow, we had to flag her down every time we wanted something which was a little annoying and she didn't know what a Kir Royale was.   The music was good, well chosen, and not too loud.

I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving ""all the way"" to Phoenix to come here!",review,qASPib1Z8ft8e96dtbh66w,6,4,2
wN_wAXWg8W94v04eqijy6g,2011-02-20,1Pa91XTa7Xzu2k3pq9Ds3g,5,"True Mexican street fare - at first a little intimidating for this Gringa, but it was awesome.   The owner Dan (who happens to be a Culinary Institute trained chef) put together a variety pack for us.  Everything is small and cheap, so you can get a whole bunch of different stuff to try.  $30 fed 5 people.

On the NE corner of 19th Ave & Glendale, next to 7-11.  Give 'em a try - you won't be disappointed!",review,EoswR0pXxeq5X2riYzlvow,0,1,0
EHi-lebXGWjSktl4WvSoow,2012-04-15,BuENS426C07RhCAixzzCVA,5,"I had lunch at Lon's and wow, what a great experience.  Great food, great service and great ambiance outside.  I met the Chef at an event and he was less than friendly.  Maybe he was having a bad day?  His unfriendliness aside, this is a must try if you are  in the area.",review,RbCRHWZotVygDGy1wF6wHA,0,1,0
ML1RJdeZ7bbfMrHvJ7m99A,2012-04-01,nxVbd4HuG8utORlic88Ymg,5,"I love this place! Been to a few different locations and the pizza is always excellent. Yesterday, my boyfriend stopped by the Camelback and 10th St. location and picked up pizzas to take home (he called in advance, as the pan pizza takes at least 30 min). I had a veggie, tomato, basil, garlic, and he had a meat combo-pepp and sausage. So delicious. The only complaint he had was the parking situation there. It is kind of tough, but well worth it. I absolutely recommend Oregano's!",review,2EgPOQF3cwLpeCEHINLtmw,0,1,0
9em_vfSjwcPqQgU8Zj-hzA,2011-03-14,4rxbsu3c6AqQ9n4j9mjMpw,4,"Came in a couple of weeks ago with my cousin and we both really enjoyed what we had ordered. We came in during the ""happy hour"" and got 3 appetizers: Baba Ganoush, Tzatziki and Feta & Olives.  My fave was the feta and olives. I liked the Tzatziki but it was a little too minty for my taste.  If there was a way for the mint to be toned down a lot, it would be much better. The pita bread was very soft, fresh and warm. Very complimentary. I'd love to come back and try the Spanakopita, Mediterranean Garlic Shrimp and perhaps see if the Tzatziki could be less minty. Delish!",review,gkpMjWWEDKbiWSWzgubq3w,0,0,0
eP2WTbTQDCLj6FPNd6Il5Q,2012-08-25,ER_kqxCrzXP9vm7qi2TyNw,1,I was really disgusted with this place. I should have known when we walked in on Saturday at 12:30 PM and there was no one (not exagerating)  there.  But we were hungry and hot so we stayed. I wanted shrimp tacos but no shrimp at tacos del MAR...just frozen fish that you need to order 5 minutes ahead because they need to microwave it.   It's breaded and precut...couldn't they at least get the kind that has different shapes and looked like it wasn't completely processed?  The kids had bean burritos which they usually love anywhere but didn't like at all. My husband's chicken burrito tasted like a school cafeteria.  The clincher was that the unsweetened ice tea tasted rancid.  I think they let the tea bags go bad or something.  Gross and how annoying that they  don't have seafood.  Wahoo tacos from La Jolla please come here to AZ!!!,review,3Z1nh8W4d4YWkEAc0VHfFQ,0,0,0
7U8TYNW4Mvx6m3zexsO0sg,2011-03-03,quJyy14bw2xiUyzvu00k2g,3,"Very nice happy hour. Its dark inside but the beer prices are good and they have free sliders, chips and salsa.",review,YPk47NcyWSkk-541OxyzMQ,0,0,0
zG_wv69bsllw_PWhOmoAKQ,2012-08-26,860woXxtRMu4Hikyp6e49Q,5,"What a restaurant! Absolutely loved my experience at Tarbells. I've been hearing rave reviews for quite sometime and decided to try it out recently. My party and I sat at the bar, which was a great choice because the bar was comfortable, rather large and really social and fun. The bartender (young woman) was fabulous, inviting and very nice! She was very attentive. A guest in my party dines at Tarbells often and she had his drink in front of him by the time we walked to the end of the bar.....Now thats some customer service for ya!

Food = We started with the Calamari. A favorite dish of mine and this one was outstanding. Two very different but delicious dipping sauces. A roasted red pepper and a pesto mix. Not sure which one I liked more :) I enjoyed the pan-seared jumbo sea scallops. TO DIE FOR. I am a huge scallop fan and these were done just right. Caramelized, giving them the right amount a sweet....and it was served over very yummy risotto. Another dish enjoyed by my party was the Fennel Sausage Pasta dish, the fennel sausage was AMAZING. 

Overall experience was fantastic, as soon as I get another opportunity I will be dining here again! :)",review,BEhWehvv4OIz4sky-eOu6Q,0,0,0
w19cemjVR8u02PgjFpJ7Mw,2008-05-02,JYUj19sJnrPMG_ljv-7heQ,5,"NOTE:  I only had take-out, and it was brought to me by my boss.  She rules!
She got me a hummus/grilled/marinated chicken combo.  It has 3 different hummus...es...es (HA!): roasted red pepper, jalapeno and plain ole' hummus.  They are sectioned off in the big plastic container, which rules for my OCD, as I don't like my food touching.  In the center is a PILE (a total monton!) of grilled chicken.  It's got some sort or spicy rub on it, but not too much kick.  It had been marinated, too.  And tender....I think this is the most tender chicken I have ever had.  It made my own tender spots as juicy as the chicken was!
I'm not big on pita, so instead she got me a side of cukes.  
This thing weighs a ton and I've been eating it for 2 hours.  I have made a mess in my ""Make me Yelp"" boyshorts.",review,6kmu0mYbdpMIOZ6Y0eVsxg,4,5,5
eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw,2013-01-01,YkqZd8kGtA40bS4BIvVK1w,2,"These are not real French treats. I'm surprised some of the reviewers say they've been to Paris. First of all, they're not macaroons (those are Jewish coconut cookies) they are macarons (one ""o"") and these were the most amateur macarons I've seen. The feet are big (the feet are the rim of the cookie) and the cookie body itsself is airy and thin whereas a true macaron is light but doesn't actually have air pockets in it (the cookie dough is still present throughout). The filling is not ganache like it should be - it's a buttercream like you use for cupcakes. 

Chocolate croissant was decent so I'll add a star for that.",review,DOJbGtr2vWTKSSl91xpsag,0,2,0
zp5k6funVelIOVuqdY0mDA,2012-12-30,NJa3QwpweUzJ7QseSzBLug,5,"I live in LA where these shops are on every corner.  I can say without a doubt, this is the best FroYo I've had!

On top of that, the store staff is super-friendly and the place is immaculately clean.  They are also serving gelato, pastries and fresh coffee/espresso.  Check it out!",review,pahxsi5vKzTNMMXsHs4SLQ,0,0,0
KV-yJLmlODfUG1Mkds6kYw,2012-12-17,cagJp-71nespvYjDJEojww,4,"Out doing some shopping w/the Ms, Stopped in for a quick bit to eat & WoW was the place packed! She had never been & I had to see the Hostess for a table, when two seats at the bar opened up. Now my honey doesn't useually like sitting at the bar stools as she has a bad back but we were kind of in a hurry, as is everyone this time of year. I hadn't been in a Chompies since 1980...WoW what a mistake, I forgot how damn quick the service was & how GOOD the food was!!!! My girl even said the bar stools were comfrotable & that this was here new favorit place! I will be back soon!",review,JTd_HLrtLDg7YSjLq_8I_A,0,0,0
CICu2tclxRB7JgW_I2a8rQ,2012-11-14,YHHI1rF02DlpuwiAnxX3EA,5,"will review after I eat. Ok so we ordered a Mongolian beef combo plate, sesame chicken (YUM) and pork fried rice , and sweet and sour pork. This was really really  good food. Good prices. When we are in the area we will definitely go back.",review,a09ENYogqRn0sQ8J2D_rng,0,0,0
9tzh2vfZh5a7dMCDI4g7Jg,2011-01-23,Dq1Ut05-6cXrzEft-tMwHQ,5,This is a good store for your beauty needs. They are open until 8pm too which is nice.,review,khPlizt3ava1xkbtAxHQnw,0,0,0
y75baZnoI51J8WS7NK9FHQ,2009-09-15,Vu_JoqKTjQTaopeFK0V00A,1,"Wow. I'm not even going to wait until I'm done before leaving a review. I just placed my order, 30 minutes after sitting down.

11:35 - Sit at a table for 8 an order drinks. So far so good.

11:39 - Things were going alright when we had a table of 8, but when a few more people showed up to attempt to give Floridino's some money in return for a quick lunch, all hell broke loose.

11:41 - There was a room next to us with a bunch of empty tables. ""You can't sit in there. We don't have a server in there."" Screw it, we picked up our drinks and moved in. If they can serve us at that table, they can serve us one table over in this other room.

11:45 - We asked to see the manager.

11:50 - ""We can get you drinks in here, but not food. We have to wait for a table to open up out there. Then we can serve you.""

11:52 - Someone who looks like a manager peeks into the room and leaves. We still haven't spoken to a manager...

11:55 - ""We don't want to overwhelm the kitchen."" (Hmm.. If you didn't want to ""overwhelm"" the kitchen, maybe you should have taken my order 20+ minutes ago...)

12:05 - They're taking our food orders in the Forbidden Room. I guess they're not as allergic to accepting our money as they led us to believe.

12:32 - Just received my food in the Forbidden Room. Pretty much exactly an hour after I got here.

You suck, Floridino's.",review,TDbKPzfPclw3MxrpBISVcA,4,2,4
e9JhcYEgNbRL8i8CTdQO2w,2011-07-20,2Jfy0EnW9PEFjhbMpdWwSA,4,"KIerland Commons is a fantastic development. Lots of great shopping, restaurants, lofts, etc.... Only problem for me is that I live in Scottsdale and frequent the Scottsdale Public Library, therefore I want my tax dollars to go into Scottsdale's coffers so I will try to do most of my shopping and dining across the street at the Scottsdale Quarter (except for Zinc Bistro - I'll keep going to Zinc regardless of what zip code it's in).",review,omGocLsyIYeiHPviDOAa3w,3,3,2
FOfhEC6rN23RQaUlsR2byw,2012-08-20,JntrvnrvBwRtHVcBmtj5aQ,4,"I hadnt been there in years, and it was all I remembered.  I went with a coupon that I go purchased on the Living social website.  Champagne toast, appertizer, salad and all you can eat entree.  They also do a complimentary photo for you.  Very quaint and romantic.  But the food was fantastic.  We had the cheese fondue that was just delicous.  The meat course was also wonderful.  But the thing that really made our experience great, was waiter.  He was great, and funny and he was there when you needed him.

But I do not suggest turning up there without a reservation.  You can make reservations online, very quick and easy and you get a confirmation.",review,L8NC1S3O0AgBwrysvG1wfw,0,0,0
4vz9I9b6bGEEuRGr3Ry5bA,2007-09-16,NtTnVIOi8PGcKwIW3ch8mg,5,"Still my most favorite hot dog ever and I think the magic is in the presentation. They've got the best hot dog sleeve. It perfectly holds the dog, lots of chili and it's not messy.

Another must have is a Cherry Lime Squeeze; Sprite, Cherry flavor, squeezed limes and maraschino cherries.",review,_mo4LtybzPjvg-i6meN-tw,1,0,0
xpdh4XXiCTbO3yctj3uK7g,2012-01-17,GxJMPDcLTgbUwPGjUQO41w,5,"Healing hands!  A dedicated, professional  therapist/intricate bodyworker who listens to your needs to develope an individualized treatment.  Focused in addressing  my health concerns and goals.  A message like no other that left me  feeling restored with the added bonus of ""spot on"" nutritional advise ... an overall concern for your good health!   To feel renewed ... highly recommended!!!!!!!!",review,RpMaIvO4JTEvh55UfU2qDw,0,0,0
-gefwOTDqW9HWGDvWBPSMQ,2012-04-23,9wfMQeP8p_eU6vtAnI3EAg,5,I go there often. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Great beers & usually great service,review,bkaMd3Fk8a7yT4tkthHDbA,0,0,0
P5uC-zfGG6yqoQDUyqyAvg,2012-05-29,6POhowmNd6PKL_XSDtgwOw,3,"So I'm torn on how to rate this place star-wise because honestly, there were a few things that were 10 stars and there were a few things that were 1 star. So let me break it down for you. We walked in to this cool little spot on the Sunday before Memorial Day and it was about half full. It looked like it was VERY groovy but I seriously had to use my phone to walk around because it was SO dark. We sat at the bar and not one of the bartenders addressed us for like 15 minutes. Maybe they couldn't see us? Anyhoo the wine list is interesting and I was having a hard time choosing something. The one bartender that finally waited on us had NO personality. I asked for a taste of a few things they had by the glass. They sounded very interesting but I had never heard of quite a few of them and I pride myself on knowing my wine. The first one I tried was a syrah blend that had something to do with chocolate and it was just that...too chocolatey. My friend ordered a glass of the Justin Cabernet which is always a safe bet. I then asked for the Tannat they had by the glass. It was awful. It taste like it had been opened for days. I told our personality challenged bartender and he went and tattled on us to maybe the manager? The manager then came over and was pleasant if a bit condescending at first. He said ""well have you ever had a Tannat? and I said ""actually, all the time, I know what they're about and that is no Tannat"" he then did agree with me and said ""just tell me what you're looking for"" I told him I wanted a Cabernet Franc or Grenache which they didn't have either by the glass. He ended up pouring me something that really was delicious. He definitely redeemed the evening because he was professional and helpful. We then ordered the flatbread with pesto and a few different cheeses and it was seriously one of the better flatbreads I've ever had. They had two guys playing live music and they were very good. So my break down is:
Atmosphere - 4
Attitude - 1 except for the knowledgeable bartender, he gets a 10
Flatbread - 10
QPR - 10...for those non-winey's this is quality price ratio",review,4QQ8qzf5TID7B_Enca7juA,0,0,0
4fO13y8cHH5Loaae7rnExA,2011-11-05,ymI6uljpSU0CWtQlT3MyIg,2,"If I've come to your Starbucks over 30x within 5 months and you still don't bother learning how to pronounce my name correctly then I don't know what to say. I always order the same drink: quad espresso with 3 pumps of white mocha and 80% of the time they don't get my order right! The baristas always ask if I want water or milk with it.. Seriously? I ordered a damn espresso for a reason. If I wanted water or milk then I would've ordered something else and NOT an espresso! And my drink is one of the simplest drinks to make too!! Just brew 4 shots, mix in white mocha syrup and add ice.. But they always somehow mess up by asking me stupid questions. If it weren't  for this sb being the closest to school, I would definitely frequent the Thunderbird location!",review,pd8xFpF6PUIqq7nOAdF1cg,0,0,0
RmA5zN-Bs89lsTuY6v8W3Q,2011-05-23,T9pXs_Zo_pAhfsg8EBuDQQ,3,"Sushi is absolutely nothing to write home about. They have happy hour all day everyday, which is a great way to start your night. The Korean pork tacos are bomb! Great location in Old Town Snottsdale. Love the staff and atmosphere!",review,7nG2ux7uLpARvKZCwYTzug,0,0,0
nFo_63pTr-4ZhakuaRFOCA,2012-09-18,Ap1gkO9NfR3BhGXewdkq1A,1,"Went to Sol for restaurant week.  Was less than impressed with the bitter salad with MIA avocados, the carnitas that were very bland and boring, the rice was delicious, however the black beans tasted like aspirin, dessert was a dulche flan that was hard, solid and icky.  Service was average, took 2 hours to get thru dinner.  Best part was the refreshing wine and beer!

Cheers to SOL, we wont be returning.",review,ufoJvi-v9MTa7FBlIhdxig,0,1,0
ObnZiF99lqggVasgyGBtVA,2012-06-17,UV8_hIzpk2R34QzKBp8Vag,4,"This is a cool spot.  It does live up to its name in that the restaurant has a posh, bistro like ambience to it.  You can get burgers like a la carte by getting them in 3oz, 6oz, or 9oz sizes, so it's possible to mix and match to try different burgers.  I had the Wagyu (kobe beef) and the Lamb, and they were pretty average.  Meat wasn't extremely tender or anything and the bun was so-so.  Sweet potato fries and onion rings were really good though.  They have several four peaks and Grand Canyon pilsner on tap. 

I think overall the food is par to a cut above par, but I don't think I go there for the food - it's definitely a fun experience everytime you eat at Stax and the varieties of burgers are what makes it.  Check it out!",review,Yoa2y89jR7tAnWRLSDca7Q,0,0,0
V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ,2010-04-25,oMPMjKnQcJi0tAxJW_Iorw,5,"Had a wonderful birthday dinner at CIBO last night. This was about the 3rd or 4th time visiting this quaint house turned restaurant, and now is the time to YELP. 
CIBO has wonderful appetizer of antipasti that played with my taste buds! Fun to make your own brushettas.... 
My husband and I shared the Rustica delightful, delicious, delectable.... 
And the creps...what can I say...I didn't need it, but I wanted it, so I had it, so there! Fresca creps with fruit, vanilla ice cream and fresh whip....Mmmm...food coma. Lovely service and birthday!",review,HuGmiFh9v-YxY9FUGx2xHg,1,2,0
GAPqG0WNBBidKeZTMpEZ-w,2009-06-13,c9ywzHA5-AcFbyROabEWhw,3,One of the reviewers said this owner wants to run a restaurant - I completely agree.  That has good sides and bad of course in short it isn't Palette  ... We stopped in for brunch last Sunday - the French Toast is Challah [which I love] restaurant-baked I think - and seemingly not fully baked - the center was dough.  The scrambled eggs were adequate - the restaurant-made salsa verde was excellent; the Schreiners sausage as expected.  That was all we had - quality not a compelling reason to return ... until the service is factored in - crisp timely and friendly.  I'll be back to try dinner.,review,GhCA6N7sRYZHBr5QKAcCWg,0,0,0
7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw,2012-10-23,4Ul8QbXhSWluLd1rUh7lGA,5,"I was surprised by the depth and distinctness of the olive oil.  I was expecting oiliness with hints of flavor, but instead was pleasantly surprised by bold flavors carried on an already flavorful oil.  This place far outshines other oil stores which add flavor essence to their oil.  They infuse the flavors here, making them stronger and more authentic.

Overall, great oil and balsamic vinegar.  Try their food, such as the sandwiches.  And definitely try as many oil samples as you can.  The oil is not too expensive, ~$20 per bottle.  Well worth it if you like to use it on bread or to add some great flavor to a salad.",review,daCwtoylep8ivghIt76p9w,0,2,0
5WRpxAc9lvonVGfuX34hlw,2012-03-13,ykk4oidsZ0TJtTj_53hfnw,5,"Best cajun food in town, not just from a truck.  Phoenix doesn't have the greatest selection of cajun offerings so I was amazed at Food Truck Friday to find Jamburrito.  They have a pretty stellar selection of meats & meals considering it's from a truck.

The spices were perfect - just spicy enough to enjoy but nothing that's going to harm.  I had the catfish once and the jamburrito twice... not in one sitting because the portions are VERY filling.",review,RWXHIBiGdhv9SqYMBhGagw,0,0,0
3rUk-WyCv_wMQR5HbTqD4Q,2012-02-22,MzvfNC5KW7owsTgLfAqbXA,4,"Planet Sub is definitely a good option for solid, good tasting subs. I'm next door at Gangplank a couple times a week and we usually hit this place up for lunch. It's much better than the last place that was in this spot, has tons of options (we decided you could eat lunch there for a month and not have the same sandwich), and friendly staff. I'm definitely glad they put this in. It's a great option in the downtown Chandler area.",review,GeGDZ02UfARKBRl7LqKZuA,0,0,0
14K90G-hbfk795NY7cKxMA,2011-12-30,SjR1doIGJAzPt-A7mpFNpA,5,"Great service, atmosphere and of course great food. My wife and I decided on Blue 32 last night for dinner. We have been there many times, but we felt we needed to share our experience.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar having a few drinks and visiting other patrons. Around 9:50 we realized the kitchen would be closing. I asked Daniel and Baeley the bartenders what time the kitchen served ""dinners"" of course he stated 10:00pm ""OOPS"". But Daniel said they would prepare what ever we wanted.  I asked him to check to see if they have already started to clean up first. We do not like to ask the kitchen staff to prepare dinner if they had already began or completed clean up. Daniel returned to say that yes they had finished the grill, but he again repeated that they would still prepare anything we wanted. At that time we declined to have the kitchen staff prepare anything. But a moment later, Roman the chef came up to us and sincerely stated that he would be more than pleased to prepare whatever we wanted. Still we were not wanting to make such a request  that late, but with his sincere and friendly personality he still insisted that they were more than willing.  So we asked him to pick  and prepare something of his choice which turned out to be the best two burgers that we have enjoyed in a long time, a Bacon Cheese Burger and his speciality Texan Jalapeno  Burger both with extra crispy bacon just the way we like it. SOOOOO....we would highly recommend Blue 32 and it's staff including by name, Roman the chef and Daniel and Baeley the bartenders.  Every time we have gone to Blue 32 we have had nothing but a great experience, this place is a must!!!",review,Cy4tE3RIae4cadipZzJtHg,0,0,0
RxjHseEfxowNP2L6uH7FpQ,2012-03-30,-7a1Jd8Be4JawHloXKCxoQ,4,"The date shake is like ""the best vanilla shake ever"" with little tiny pieces of chopped up dates coming up through the straw the whole time.

Awesome.",review,iwZ_7QuZ1tzT6pIZmOlDQg,0,1,0
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A,2010-10-31,ByzUd3aDCVe_E_WLrxfdqA,4,"We went early, so we didn't have any of the seating issues others have mentioned.  The decor and set-up was neat, and the bartender was friendly and attentive.  I agree that the drinks are pretty expensive -- but the White Rabbit was amazing.  I'm not  a big fan of mixed drinks generally, but horchata and white chocolate liqueur?  Awesome!  I'll definitely be back.  Great place!",review,YZ82I51Zedr9U6e13DO82A,0,1,0
CD-2yHTSObgvAhW-pYHfMw,2011-06-06,OYLBgL6ZgFP4MSsV8_qV3w,3,"The Doubletree is the resort we go to when we don't feel like paying to much for Scottsdale resort.  They have good rate rooms if you are a triple A members also.

The pools are fabulous just a place to go and hang out for the day if you don't fee like checking out the Scottsdale area.

The bed are OK I can't say its the best night sleep, but they do serve their purpose.  The rooms could be nicer, our bathtub had slow drain so I was standing in dirty water while taking a shower.

This last stay I did order room service and they said it would take 45 mins, but it took more then an hour for it to get to me and all I ordered was a salad.  They were doing some kind of construction with some of the rooms, so it was noisy during the mid day.",review,rSbqoimVUWPEbNSGwyjI-Q,0,1,0
ML1RJdeZ7bbfMrHvJ7m99A,2012-08-03,Qvg_zRg_ttyA47MCM7MIdg,4,"i used to come here all the time with my family, right after work we'd head over here for some delicious pizza and AMAZING salad! Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad. was sent from heaven, one thing. I haven't actually had it since I became vegetarian a couple months ago, but the salad without chicken would not be a miss!! You may be curious to know why we haven't been here in so long, well just ONCE we saw a cockroach on the wall that grossed us out, and that's why this place loses a star. Other than that, I recommend it without a doubt. Thin crust pizza is way better than the deep dish here!",review,jGmnd3qIBPezcuxG0qyD7w,0,1,0
btyYig6bD3BOoal_yasnDA,2009-03-13,dRzhhyi1e34GiHuV6Mvkyg,1,"I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I went there looking for a gift.  I received no help.  The girl was too busy helping the wives of the baseball players.  I guess you need a large bank account to receive help in this store. Also, they did not have a very good selection of items. I think I will take my business to other stores who care about their customers.",review,5OLKI0NgQrrL-v0PB1dIlQ,1,2,1
ShUSw5yD7EFWBOiq_CuHMQ,2010-03-16,3cnyJU2lCKG4qc3zatEslA,5,"I took my computer to RedSeven recently when my friends were calling and telling me I had a nasty virus that was sending out gobs of email every fifteen mins.  I had no idea my computer was infected.  I was hesitant to do so because I needed my computer to do some work. No worries, the fellas over at RedSeven hooked me up with a loaner.  I was able to get online and get my work done and get my home PC back the next day without missing a beat.  I was going to take my computer to one of those BIG BOX store repair places. I am so glad I didnt.  A friend of mine took their PC there and when it came back all of their family pictures, music and email was gone.  I will only be using RedSeven in the future and I suggest you do the same.",review,TxOR39w0Mlbd4h1siXyb_w,2,3,1
XMRj865sZBPWCI7tx0uBWw,2008-09-11,X8y2ujS7YxyjFVH13eZsPw,5,"I have to admit, I normally don't like Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't fallen in love with at some point in my life. This is a real problem when you live with someone that would die for Chinese food at all hours of the day/night. 

I figured out why I never liked Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!!  It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having authentic Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.

I have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find authentic Hong Kong Style fare. Holy mother of god, everything I've tried has been outstanding and each time I leave saying it was the best meal I've tried thus far. 

Everything is extremely cheap and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their food. They'll be quick to recommend something if you're having a hard time deciding. Just ask!",review,FHJUj7EHB9nB2czVOzQX3Q,2,3,0
-mLcpJYfX8tw8LR9bq018w,2010-08-27,Z7okSCJloti8ri0pjohQgA,4,"Finally tried the only ""real"" Chinese food restaurant in Maricopa.  Played it safe with Sweet & Sour Chicken, Crab Rangoon, and Pork Fried Rice.  With delivery, it was only $14 +tip.  

The fried rice was great, it was a little more of the ""East Coast"" style I grew up with, dark w/ lots of juicy nuggets of roast pork.  The chicken was good, but then again, it was a (VERY) safe choice, next time I'll try one of the ""Chef's Specialties"".  Crab Rangoon was good, unlike Panda Express, there was crab (krab?) in the cream cheese.  

If you're in Maricopa and craving Chinese, don't go to Panda Express, definitely give Great Wall a try, it's in the same plaza as Panda and if your party is 2 or more, you'll save yourself some money!",review,jZL3u6BzkJWFqT3SPIokyA,0,2,0
gCnyFIE2jYeKCfQx42y4Dg,2010-05-28,8tZ01qB3MQyPaB31Kom6lQ,5,"Like Sex or Tobacco? Hells yeah!!!! were not looking for vanilla yes' here, this place pulls out all the stops

If  Ichi Yakaguru the new york club promoter and 9yo Japanese pimp needed anything, it could be found here.

The best selection of DVD's and printed material i have come by in awhile... lots of Toys so much stuff a lot of it is hung above the head, so look up.

Lingerie, Tobacco, Human Fire Hydrants, Hobos with Soap Sud Beards",review,Bza-l75OiKcMRmTYILpyfQ,2,1,2
b5cEoKR8iQliq-yT2_O0LQ,2009-12-23,ClSI3WMwwDutHeCF0qx2bA,4,"The wifey and I went here last night and it was pretty good. I had some pork dish that was amazing and she had filet mignon tacos that were delicious as well. I really should have taken better note of the exact dish name I had but alas... I did not. 
Anyways, great atmosphere, friendly staff and really good food. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 is because they charge for chips and salsa and their salsa was pretty weak. By weak I mean not spicy. Come on, put some peppers in there!",review,icxJ-bAxZuhyEbOtmHdM9Q,1,1,0
AoO0FJyUm01lmIJJTcPWEQ,2011-07-08,-bhGum5dFkrNib8qiRWmnQ,3,"We'd wanted to try this place for a while. We went there for lunch and had a cheeseburger, fries, and coke. Everything is ala carte which makes it a little pricy (came to nearly $9). The burgers are OK, not bad, but not as big or as fantastic as I'd hoped. The fries were really good though...extra crispy. The atmosphere is really relaxed and friendly. We had our 9 month old and there weren't any high chairs that we could see, so it made it hard for us to eat (one had to hold her the whole time). Overall it was a nice place but not as great as I'd expected. We will try it for breakfast though sometime because the ratings on that seem to be pretty good.",review,sbNbxmGNodDJukgSXBFD4Q,0,0,0
ewZlgc22xN5NNQ1H7U6Y7g,2013-01-02,Z_8cjP-Dvo2WUQ1qlr5yPA,4,"I went here with my parents on a super crowded Friday evening. We had to wait about 40 min, but decided to order a couple of drinks while we waited. Once we finally got seated, I decided to order the Chicken Madeira, which is their most popular dish. It was sooo good! It was a huge portion, but I somehow managed to finish it. I can see why everyone loves it! My dad ordered the Ahi and had to get them cook it more b/c it was practically raw and cold. It was probably supposed to be like that, but he didn't know what he was getting himself into. They took extra care in getting this done - both our waiter and the manager came over to make sure they were on the same page as my dad before cooking it more thoroughly. They also brought my dad a complimentary house salad while he waited. We decided to end our meals by all splitting a piece of their Peanut Butter Cup cheesecake. OMG. So good. Most importantly, we found that the service at this location was really good! Our waiter was funny, and rolled with the punches...nothing seemed to phase him.",review,44R1syuo0et8sLtRnCojkw,5,4,2
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA,2012-01-03,GZ7jHYxZh0zC9wooSyhKfw,5,"Been here twice now and wish I could say more. The food is delicious, the set up is really relaxing and service is great. A great place to take an out of town guest. Happy hour menu has these amazing tofu tacos that I highly recommend. My boyfriend had the Pork tacos which he said were also delish. Definitely check this place out!!",review,3x1MykIUtUJjIUk-pji2WQ,0,1,0
-b_VjHZmA7-8LVWp6z36VA,2009-08-21,JZtiU9J8T-IYJI_OvfbQBw,5,"Mims Burger & Mexican Food was revealed to me by my sister and sometimes when I think about it (even when I JUST ate), my stomach growls.  The restaurant itself just SMELLS GOOD sitting there and waiting for your food to arrive.

The strange name would sort of, you know, ordinarily turn me off from trying the place because I think when restaurants serve this AND this they usually just serve two wildly different forms of food, both of which suck.  Mims serves legitimately good Mexican food, burgers, hotdogs and everything else.

Even if you're NOT in the area, it's worth going a bit out of your way for it.

Five stars.  Places don't get much better.",review,mym5tXZoZCbuPCYQzI5Ysg,3,4,3
yoLlJDTXafbS3PG-lee-dg,2012-09-05,mC1Y2H2IfqcJBm_V8DTYTg,1,"I was searching for a unique item to give as a Thank You gift and I stopped by Practical Art over the Labor Day weekend after viewing some items on their website.  I was extremely under underwhelmed by the service I received and do not plan on returning.  

When I arrived the young woman behind the counter was having a personal conversation with an acquaintance.  Besides the employee and her conversation buddy the store was empty.  I spent about ten minutes looking around and the young woman did not have the common courtesy to acknowledge me with a simple ""Hello"", even as I was viewing items directly in front of the counter.  When I was leaving the store she did break long enough to say ""Bye"".

I believe it is very important to support local business but I will not spend my money here.  I did find several items I wanted to buy and made note of the artist. I have done the extra leg work to reach out to them to find out how to purchase their items through other channels.  I do not feel they should miss a sale due to the sub par customer service at this location.",review,NwHMMfnsiVSW_TKSRf4prg,0,0,0
-UT6IHfVW_2yzz1bf8WI5g,2012-12-12,1L_NAI3Q2dLL_Xl1jxSe2Q,2,"Vegan Mexican with a urban funk to it. Should it work?  I dont know. Did it work?  Not really.

We walked in, it was empty quiet and after 20 seconds a surprised guy walked in and greets us. We take out seat on the purple booths and browse the menu while we sip watermelon water. Things got a bit stranger from there.

The menu had many interesting options, but each one we tried to order we found out that the didn't have chips, mushrooms or chorizo, key ingredients in many of the things on the menu. We had to just ask what can we order.

We ordered and waited, as the sun set it became quite dark as no one had turned on the lights. Another customer walked in but the waiter was busy working as a cook. It became even darker as we waited. The other customer finally was given a menu and the lights were turned on, however it was still pretty dark. 

Our tacos came, they were a bit small we each had 2.5 tacos I assume the 1/2 a taco to make up for the lack of chips on the side.

The tacos them selves were good, nice flavors crunch etc. for $8-$9 they should be good.  However the other problem sunk in as we were leaving, we were still hungry and after $21 and 45 min we were less than happy.

The next day they had posted a photo to Facebook, not about their food, or a special but look how how our waiter/cook is.   

So I guess if you want to look at toned male waiter this is your spot. Otherwise there are many kinks that need to be worked out.",review,M6oU3OBf_E6gqlfkLGlStQ,1,2,0
NtizlEdtnJX0tteMdZ-6tw,2012-02-16,MCxKinv4Y33A4ZKjjSXYHQ,1,"Went into the location and waited minutes for someone to appear to ask us for our order and even after we said Hello they didn't acknowledge us. Had to repeat order several times. It was very frustrating how nothing seemed to be in stock, no philly cheese steak nor soup was available. I heard someone as I was leaving being told some type of bread wasn't available (which is actually understandable, condiments and bread sometimes run out or need to be retrieved/baked). 

Felt like we were being rushed and just didn't feel like a clean place. Will not go back.",review,GPMNR6WVfSE2qOwX0ZcVGw,0,0,0
sI1bvFfUCeFVz1twmLJcAQ,2010-06-03,6AwmuNUKyuOnX_mlINhWdA,4,"Hubs booked this kitschy place for us because, well - the other options in the-middle-of-nowhere-AZ were very slim and besides, who doesn't want to stay in motel called Space Age Lodge? 

And man! So surprised! I thought we'd be staying in a very outdated motel room. I mean let's face it, most motels that claim ""newly remodeled"" usually just put in a new tv. But when we opened the door we found new furniture, a very plush bed, new lighting, flat screen tv and a rather large and new ""mini"" fridge. It was really nice - compared to other Best Western's I've visited. 

The train is right behind the hotel, but to be honest, the A/C was cranking the entire time we were there (Arizona in June) so we could hardly hear it. 

And to top it off - we got free breakfast! Not just a continental one either. We had our pick of any breakfast entree and beverage. Came out to a little over $20 of free food! Basically made the room rate $60. 

Yeah for the UFO place!!!",review,D9PU9OmIrCvolQWDxBRYlQ,1,2,1
Oz1w_3Ck8lalmtxPcQMOIA,2008-04-09,OIp5gapOlB6B9EBCMgUf_A,4,"We've got another first timer here...!

I am just as shocked as the next person that after many years in Seattle, I had never had Bubble Tea.  Gasp!  You can get it almost as readily as Starbucks.  I learned it's also called Boba and maybe one other name.  It's all the same to me.  Same-same.

I had my first boba initiation at the recent Office Hours with Gabi.  I was completely overwhelmed by the options presented to me: what type of chewies (for the record, that term just doesn't seem right), base drink, optional flavorings, etc.  It was a lot for this gal to handle.  Luckily, Alica B. was at my side leading me down the boba path.  

She helped me pick out a concoction of Thai iced tea and regular boba.  Gotta start with the original boba, right?  She ended up with a coffee drink with coffee jellies.  I feel like I'm now ""in the know"" because she asked for the coffee jellies and even though they weren't on the menu, they indeed had them.  That's a little insider's tip from me to you.  Wink wink.  She was so excited I thought she was going to consider this woman the Patron Saint of Boba and commence worship on the spot.

I was surprised to find how incredibly filling boba is.  I wasn't hungry for hours!  Overall, it was good.  I don't see myself craving boba, but if someone wants to go, then I'm in.  I'll check out the jellies in my next go round.  If the craving is boba, I would definitely recommend this place!",review,-Dof9NwAoQwRM-GVPZk5zw,4,4,5
mxrXVZWc6PWk81gvOVNOUw,2012-07-17,YAyei_j3SvGQLCtzJjriDw,4,"I went here with my book club and they definitely gave us lots to roar about.  Their Happy Hour is only good in their bar (which was fully packed) or out on their patio.  Their patio is fabulous!  Who would have thought a patio in Arizona in July could be so cool and welcoming.  Great atmosphere.  The waiter was very accommodating about all of us arriving at different times and peppering him with various drink and food orders.  I had the most delicious Huckleberry frozen margarita.  Perfectly smooth (out of a machine to be that consistent).  It was basically a plain lime margarita with a generous drizzle of huckleberry sauce on it.  The huckleberry sauce was slightly tart (not syrupy or sweet) but delicious!  It went down very smooth.  I had the fish tacos which were messy and the salsa verde was finger licking good.  I am amazed that, during the summer, they have Happy Hour until 10 pm!!!  Woohoo!  Overall, a delightful experience and I will go back.",review,VgdDYz0-i1kDszfEu5nFdg,1,1,1
jRfdz5voj40P6WS9L54caw,2011-04-04,Cts3HvXeGnPfYlSz2PBL0g,3,Patio seating is lovely!,review,1iJ0AwkYqDKHYMdUVarN0g,0,1,0
K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw,2011-05-13,cM7EgnZayKb7F92-NOv27A,5,"Dear Lo-Lo's why do you have to be so damn good!?  I really wish that when I had you last weekend you had been dry and tasteless so that I wouldn't have to come back and eat Fried Chicken and Waffles again... but now you have made me an addict to your delicious mouth-watering juicy breasts & thighs... Woah where is this going?! LOL Thank goodness you do takeout for now my husband will have to do his husbandly duty and pick me up a piece or two on his way home from work.... 

Truly wonderful... I never had waffles with fried chicken before and I'm not sure why I was so surprised at how great this pairing would be but I was... Great service, everyone was friendly and upbeat and seemed to actually enjoy working there which is definitely a PLUS! ;-) I love you Lo-lo's!",review,1qw1NflQJvb0WhKn-_hwDQ,0,1,0
eevmoukqJtU2l9tZmm-HKg,2012-01-12,lbjnAe_px0NaNVx-sPqM_Q,5,"I have completed this run (obviously not the 27th annual edition) 5 times now. The course is always the same - a bit hillier than other Papgo courses as it takes a right along the sidewalk behind the zoo, but the organization is always excellent. The t-shirt is another good draw to this event - a long sleeve shirt that changes color in the sun. There is always food at the end, a raffle, and a great crowd. One of the best events on the racing calendar each year and an excellent way to start the new year off right!",review,zCC6huLkNBEr3JUgQyxJbg,1,1,1
DcrM4hwDcU2G6vuh2cnaYQ,2011-07-24,c6olUYIIH7OMHsux2Wi4oQ,5,"This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Phoenix. This is where we go to celebrate and to enjoy a night out with amazing food and great service. Noca is an experience. I wouldn't recommend trying to quickly hit up a meal here before trying to catch a movie. I can't imagine trying to rush the experience!

On our most recent visit I immediately ordered my favorite cocktail- the Dirty Bird. It's so perfectly crafted and smooth...plus there are bleu cheese stuffed olives. Sold! I felt a little bad because my fiance wanted to celebrate our new jobby-jobs with prosecco... my bad. Lay off me when there's bleu cheese stuffed olives and vodka involved mister!

First up was the mixed salad. I love how it's not overloaded with cheese and candied fruit. It's the perfect balance of flavors. 

We then had the lobster roll and it was absolutely heavenly. I really hated to share that but I needed to save room for the scallops. The scallops were so perfectly cooked and the plating was gorgeous. The flavors were outstanding- absolutely sublime. Ryan actually asked me if I remembered his name. I just smiled.",review,qRo9gHN5OiV1-peDuhCh-g,3,2,3
rRXGdtqUTBtczey1DGenEQ,2012-06-26,i9CY2KH6TIvyCgo-D4rJUw,5,"I found this place based on Yelp reviews so I feel obligated to add one more 5 star review to the mix. I needed to get a chain fixed on my bike and was not looking to spend a ton of money or hours trying to fix it myself. So I stopped by and had them take a look at it. 

They recommended a full tuneup to keep it in tip top shape and spent the time explaining and demonstrating why it is deserving of spending money beyond the chain repair.  I ended up passing but didn't feel like they were trying to take advantage of me. Since it was close to closing time I left the bike with them overnight and got a call late in the morning the next day for pickup. It has been as good as new ever since. 

Having my fair share of riding in the Valley of the Sun I'm sure I'll be back soon for some inter-tubes or a spare part for whatever craigslist bike I happen to be riding around at the time.

Protip: Check out the unique bike artwork they have around the place. Also they have a small BMX (?) track in their ""backyard"" you can ride around and do jumps on anytime.",review,i-irTdF9JerNf0hG64EpEg,1,0,0
ObnZiF99lqggVasgyGBtVA,2008-12-11,CkqZTWY-qzWBsveljx21pw,4,"I love Stax. They introduced me to the world of quinoa. Their quinoa black bean burger is sensational. I do the ""Build your own burger"" and get garlic aioli and the house ketchup. I am a big fan of their sweet potato fries, as well.  The service has always been great and the prices are reasonable. This is a good alternative to Delux, if you are in downtown Scottsdale.",review,CHnSp6logJJND0Tx86LTgA,2,2,0
1f_DXcxpAKfILKK6cDPLxQ,2009-10-29,iIB0N9XneiSfuel6RYvfWQ,4,"The staff was great, from the owner Bruce meeting you at the door to the bartender Sharon the friendliness of the staff stuck out. 

I had the T.T. Burger which had cheddar, sauteed onions and remoulade. The burger was excellent, and the coleslaw was great. I am not a slaw fan, but this slaw with Bruce's mom recipe  that included vinaigrette was wonderful. My only complaint may have been the fries were slightly overcooked for my taste, but I would go there again.",review,Ec0_hyghnX9jZQW20OYeoA,0,0,0
h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw,2011-03-03,vtbbkfMP_0D5rXz2Fz_UJA,5,"I had such a great time at this place both times i went.  The first visit was a sushi dinner extravaganza with my sister.  The place was literally a 10 minute walk from my childhood home, where my parents still live, which was the first bonus for this place.  Once i walked in my excitement grew.  The place was small and intimate although a bit on the hot side.  Our waitress spoke with a heavy japanese accent and she was very friendly.  

We ordered a bunch of rolls, they have a fairly small selection of rolls which is fine with me, and some nigiri.  They even had Uni!  i dont know how it is in phoenix but i live in Salt Lake City and Uni is incredibly hard to find there for some unknown reason.  Anyways the sushi was well prepared and tasted very fresh.  Their yellowfin was just amazing!

My next visit was a lunch with my mother a few days later and we ate mostly non-sushi offerings which were also very good.  I had yakisoba which was delicious and my mother had the bento box with teriyaki steak which was also fantastic.  

This place is a real gem and for me personally the location is perfect.",review,Gu_tCn0lDuYBtd1NB1-Szw,2,1,0
5U1ArcV-HXR5UlkdQx1a9A,2010-01-01,fnQ0l_XSIiDU7VGluH0nxA,3,"I came out here Halloween to party, since everything place on Mill had a line we just picked this one place to party for the night. Drinks are cheap, I was shocked at how low the bill was at the end of the night after buying rounds of drinks until our party got their buzz on, but maybe its just me used to Hollywood prices. T_T Out in LA you get used to paying for parking, cover and then exorbitant prices for drinks.  

I love their signature cherry vodka drink, its tasty! Its kinda like a Shirley Temple?! Service at the bar was quick for the amount of people there. Plenty of room for dancing which is always a plus.",review,sdTdf5zwsPGDw4vBnKks-w,1,1,1
Sb1_G-DMy26YHafNxxhVrQ,2011-08-02,N_VjIz6pErO-9jKNOWVouQ,4,"Decent farmers market with several friendly vendors.

Look for the jalopeno peanut brittle, the incredible maccaroons, sweet republic ice cream and crepes from torched goodness! lots of yumminess and it is dog-friendly!",review,xZvRLPJ1ixhFVomkXSfXAw,0,1,1
TgxDGx7L_JICWbuBUCGVqw,2012-05-15,eKL1a_O8CnliR4wQfbktIA,4,"When you go to a place called ""Fajitas"" you order the dang namesake! I've had all the different fajitas they offer and I love all them, my favorite is the shrimp it's lightly seasoned and grilled to perfection (side note: order the onions and pepper caramelized)! The tortillas are strong enough to fold without tearing yet still have a nice flavor. The toppings are always bright and fresh, the guacamole is legit. My coworker has talked me into always ordering a side of Queso with the free chips and salsa. Albeit the restaurant is old but the staff is super friendly and detail oriented. And yes, no matter what you order you will smell like fajitas so make sure you don't have anywhere special to go after eating here.",review,rL3dPeKDTybG_ct9OCXGAA,0,0,0
-AAig9FG0s8gYE4f8GfowQ,2009-12-08,VUj3qlPdSXxKL6CUOgELKg,3,"I had the Soppressata with Aged Provolone & Roasted Peppers.  It was a solid sandwich overall.  The quality of ingredients was pretty good, but the only part that gets me is the price. $8 + tax?  Wow all that ""supply and demand"" stuff I learned in Econ class wasn't a joke.  Worth trying once, but I don't think this is a place I'll be grabbing lunch at on a regular basis.",review,jdoGEEy5s-5L1O_lNzEi2g,0,1,0
Pg8OPh1D2ws0xO-I-8ppoA,2012-05-28,qeNauCfsJXaeEnGtsb78vA,4,"Upper Crust is like Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not crazy about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. Happy hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine. 

Overall, it is a very good pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really liked Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my favorite for traditional NY style thin crust pizza.",review,34gJ_KlP3RM6jotNT6TcDQ,2,5,0
Zruvunhqw7cuyuoe7g09Gw,2011-06-25,gw-uSjSPb4w_i3-x5fCRjA,5,"Wedge salad is delish! Love the fact that it's organic, as well as the fact that the pizza dough is gluten-free...sure beats having my husband sneeze for an hour, after eating ""regular"" pizza. I will say, the pizza is pretty good...and this is coming from a girl from Chicago!",review,MfZszvOQNY_xdbA9ruz_zQ,0,0,0
xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g,2011-08-01,udgc9PxxD-U-ne-drBFy4Q,4,"From the moment you enter this place you get the feeling that you are entering some swanky underground restaurant, the lighting is dark and the decor is mysterious!!  I am in love with the fashionable staff who come to work wearing what they want as well as the chef in the back with the 12 inch mohawk. The drink menu is stocked with exciting choices such as ""In Between the Sheets"" and the ""Dirty School Girl""! Not your average bar! The BEST thing on the menu in my opinion is the House Made Fettuccine. Honestly the best homemade meat sauce ever and I am hard to please considering I was raised on Bolognese sauce! A great place to take a date whether it be your first or 100th this place will never disappoint.",review,rk-QLuEgeDYJAmTHNOl13Q,1,2,1
jdtc9AARnZLOi38Qvkdm7Q,2011-06-06,q0etOH84ZVPbxjYggae-1A,5,"Parents, please let ur children explore on their own!  I c parents following their kids around !",review,BaHlhZ4dUO1AUY87ZXY6Tg,0,1,0
g9jX2oXQr8zrOQgynYnYjQ,2012-12-12,wt87CmXPtlwRdItR74_5Gw,2,"It's ok, good for a quick bite. I don't understand the almost cult like following.
Made a mistake and had the shake instead of pop and was sick for hours.
Staff was very friendly, but they needed someone dedicated to keeping the place clean.",review,dOhJ6mf09CTJciqW0lbKug,0,1,0
QzXFdjIbFRGhzL83goPPLA,2012-06-12,PkOP32jQaFmDPhzN2igy2Q,2,"Good service. The waitress was friendly. but the food was just icky and the Place smelled bad! like sewage pipes. I had a glass of wine. there was no way I was going to order a mixed drink while she was tearing the bar down. 
I didnt feel good after eating the food. I had a coupon so it made the total bill cheap. But i would have walked out if I had to pay full price because The atmosphere they boast should provide better food.

No Not good dont go",review,7RXtu3n5OfNsgmRT3b2x7Q,1,1,1
Lc3-XLmobyijQpOxHdEPFQ,2012-04-30,rEyg5tdoh-v50sR13KGGmA,5,"Originally came by to get a watering system for our chickens and ended up buying something for every member of our furry family! They have everything here for cats, dogs, small birds, rabbits, poultry, horses and more! The customer service was excellent, we were even given free samples for our chickens without even asking and were given informational sheets about some awesome products we ended up buying as well. Both of the people working were concerned with taking their time to help us, not about making a sale, and will even special order some products for us if ever needed. We don't feed our dogs dry food anymore (they now eat raw instead), but when we did, these are the premium/healthiest brands we were buying at a much higher cost at other retailers.

The prices are low, the hours are convenient, the customer service was great, the products are healthy, and the selection was large for how small the shop is, what more could you ask for? Great first visit and we will definitely be coming back again!",review,3kBRJk0uWE4HQ9A0Yj2xYw,0,2,0
HFj8LRDtS62uGAj-J_eNOw,2011-12-12,gtpzXg4DIyqpAwcL_E0atw,4,"Combination chicken fast food joint and gas station? Yessss! It's so convenient when I need to fill my car and my stomach! Joking aside this Popeye's isn't bad. Pretty much what you expect if you like their chicken. All of the workers seem really nice here too, they normally let you know if they have any specials but I would be sure to ask them just in case. And while you're waiting for your food you can just pop in the gas station store (they're connected). If not, they also have a drive-thru.",review,3Zi1udoY2iT9s8Q3X6tgZQ,0,0,0
LfKPiwth-lGmCKTxlDoV9g,2006-12-04,Jkvu5OwutuOWyLD6qKHv5A,4,"My girlfriend and I had dinner here with my brother and his wife this past Saturday. It was packed outside so we had to sit outside which was fine. If anything it got a little too warm under the heat lamps, but the atmosphere was fine.

Food was very tasty across the board. We had steak and organic chicken on our side of the table both of which were cooked exactly how we wanted them. Juicy and tender. 

Service was excellent. Recommended.",review,zPZolvtHRjv6xAXl_9reXA,0,1,0
gUt-pPUpOVVhaCFC8-E4yQ,2012-05-27,o5yxmUgBXhvHfNCvbBxPuA,3,"Great sushi, not so great on speed. Cute place, friendly staff. Try the Vegie Goyza, it is great. Sushi rolls are a bit large for one bite. Asked if we wanted a Tea refill as we were leaving. Huh?",review,9iK_an2jNnbaH1GCzPQKUA,0,1,0
cBpJIOrVXotDI0XAZH_k0g,2011-10-06,iXT5dAq4jV0o3hcmh2Ayug,4,This is my favorite of the Yard House restaurants and not just because it is on my side of town.  The food always seems to be done just right and my husband and his sister enjoy the beer.  Would have given one more star but my husband has yet to find any food item that makes him want to go here over some other restaurant.  Since I just can't seem to get enough of the grilled cheese and tomato bisque soup it is very disappointing that he doesn't want to go.,review,kG0XNpPjIihErYXINk7OYA,0,0,0
dewq6aevfoNFvJBqM7PG5A,2011-11-19,pyHsNEiyma9a020tXJZCDA,4,"So I am not usually in the Tempe area, but a friend told me about this place. So I though I would go try it out. I got a Grande Latte that was around $4. Not a bad price. But what made it worth it was that I guess this Friday I went was a Free Shot Friday. So I got an extra Espresso shot in my latte making it a triple for $4 bucks...no that is a deal. Not sure if they always have the promotion on Fridays. But it sure did make my morning a little better.

Their menu is very easy to read and give those no too educated in the was of coffee a good description of what each drink is and how it is made.

The had a ton of great looking pastries even though I didn't sample any. Cakes, Eclairs, Scones, and I think even what looked like cheesecake. 

The decor was very interesting. An old fashion coffee house meets a gypsy vibe. I think they have Wifi too. I saw a few people on there computers.

The service was a little slow I think. Felt like I was waiting for my drink for 10 minutes and the place was not really that busy. This was probably because of the guy ahead of me when I walked in who had about 7 different modifications to his drink. I have worked in a coffee place and those people are kind of annoying. So I will let them slide on the time of service.

Overall a great experience. Would have been 3 stars, but when you get something for free, in my book that is an automatically another star.",review,Nj4hLqsNh0vpIt0-HwakHA,0,0,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2011-08-02,JmzVCdRVnN0b4PQd87rMqw,2,"I've known my way around Sky Harbor Airport since I was 4 years old and Terminal 1 was an actual terminal. In the time since then, their attempts to improve the airport, transportation and parking, and terminals have made it extremely confusing. Get in the wrong lane and you'll end up in the parking garage, when all you wanted was to drop off someone at the Departures curb. 

Terminal 2 remains the most accessible, with a parking lot located across the street and few airlines stationed there. Because only a couple airlines now use this terminal, security is a breeze. However, it's the oldest terminal, smells bad (like rotten pizza) and doesn't appear clean. 

Terminal 3 a little more of a hassle, although they have a parking garage attached to the terminal allowing you to enter any level through the elevator. More airlines use this terminal and it's much smaller than Terminal 4, making it easier to navigate.

Oh, Terminal 4. You're so nice, new and clean. You have access to great restaurants like Flo's Shanghai Cafe, Einstein's, Quizno's and more. I love Taberna del Tequila for a drink just prior to my flight inside security access (I don't like to fly, I prefer a bloody mary prior to boarding). You have tons of shops from Borders Books to local AZ tourist junk. I would like to love you, but you are just a mess. It's way to difficult to navigate your lanes to get where you're going, pick up and drop off is dangerous due to the people who pull away from the curb into lanes without looking, and security is painful- not only is there always a LONG line, but TSA agents regularly yell at people to ""pay attention!"" I dread flying out of Terminal 4 because I have to leave extra early for all the BS.

There are much easier airports to navigate and use, but we're stuck with Sky Harbor. I can only hope the light rail access once complete will help in making it a more user friendly airport.",review,BDQjq30H2gFncFvaapvm6A,0,1,1
-gefwOTDqW9HWGDvWBPSMQ,2010-03-25,H_3MSr25x4aGU9cFhlMHTw,4,"Always there and (almost) always reliable, Seamus McCaffrey's is still my favorite place to grab a beer downtown.  Last Friday night, I convinced a couple of friends that we ought to go check out the newly burgeoning night life in downtown Phoenix, since they had both moved away in recent years.  So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our favorite old standby, Seamus.

My only complaint was an out-of-order men's room, which gets a pass for being in a known old building and for the bouncer explaining our other options politely and immediately.  After all, what's an Irish pub without a pisser?  Thankfully, still a pretty good Irish pub in this case.",review,HZ3ItZ23xZHqjUjRIdPi7Q,0,0,1
WYk91WPklqRWuk9z9DsPDw,2011-04-19,bi1TCH_RAg1Lt2bIGXcVFQ,2,"With all the hype before this place even opened I epxected a whole lot better. There are so may flavors lacking in the basic tacos. The tamales are so generic and dry.
The place is nice and clean and the staff is friendly and the little salsa bar is a nice addition which I had to give this place 2 stars. If you want geat tacos go to Gallo Blanco or to Americas.",review,yz_j8mA3pnkdWkZ6nimBwA,1,2,0
Zu93JuSKbponnD3Mx5zpEg,2009-02-20,d9OpkgeZ2kxVoXfWlhJh3Q,4,"I've always sorta had mixed feelings about this theater. On the one hand, there aren't a whole lot of options to see independent film in AZ besides this place and Camelview, so I've got thank Dan Harkins for those outlets. On the other hand, there are times when this theater plays the SAME movie for weeks. An examples of this was with What The Bleep Do We Know?. I hate it when this place does that, but it's nice to see films here that wouldn't normally get play at Camelview (ie. Che: Parts 1 & 2, Let The Right One In, etc.).

In all, this place is a bit like my own Cinema Paradiso because I have so many fond memories in this theater. There was a Pulp Fiction screening when I was in high school and I got to go to an advanced screening of Slumdog Millionaire and actually got to meet Danny Boyle when he showed up for a Q&A afterward. I just wish they had midnight screenings of classic/grindhouse/cult films like The New Beverly in LA.",review,FxxYCRPcpd__yhRRmmtyMQ,1,2,0
tpIU_ZvIfCfCp36IgghlHQ,2010-02-23,n79EcqmEPfFv78iDPrcs6g,4,"Yummy food!!!! Period!!! Sandwiches are great!!! Customer service is great!!! I was at the counter while ordering, i was asking about the cake, they had on display and the guy gave me a free slice o cake cuz it was my first time there!!  cool place, good food.",review,cc-NjTz637u7EtFd83dn_w,0,0,0
q-qjZDKcBdDRuIUxj7b97g,2012-01-29,23Jiy_H33Sk7maaaTLJV0Q,3,"The food...delicious. The atmosphere...relaxing. The service...pretty spot-on. The pricing...ehhh, not my thing here. The only way I was able to eat here was because a family friend treated my family out. But if you're looking to spoil yourself or anyone you know, with food, this is the place to do it. 

I ordered the Chicken Romano (pan-seared with a blend of romano cheese & panko breadcrumbs, with lemon shallot butter, tomatoes, asparagus & yukon gold mashed potatoes). The chicken pan-seared with bread crumbs was great to eat, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.The asparagus... I've had better, but the yukon gold mashed potatoes were silky, buttery and made perfectly. They went well with the chicken romano.

My dad ordered the NY Strip, and they were kind of enough to cut it up for him since he was handicapped. They checked up on us frequently. THE ONLY THING I WOULD COMPLAIN ABOUT WAS THEY ACTUALLY CAME UP AND ASKED IF I WAS DONE (ALREADY GRABBING AT MY PLATE) WHEN THE FORK WAS STILL IN MY MOUTH BECAUSE APPARENTLY I WAS STILL EATING. Since that ruined my entire experience thus far, I just told them to take it.

In addition, the entire table got an order of the unlimited salad bar. The salad bar was great, but nothing like the choices offered at Souplantation. Also, because I ate the salad beforehand, I wasn't able to finish off the main entree I ordered. 

Will I be back? Probably not.",review,IzAHGTkF41fhhZ8pRnGgww,0,0,0
jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g,2012-08-27,37OUFjqDHZpGgqZAHgy4bA,4,Home made fresh noodles.  Reminds me of San Francisco china town food.,review,HavRojH3G8AlJchZXonaOg,1,1,0
ewZlgc22xN5NNQ1H7U6Y7g,2012-09-07,7LZ3ipwHjxbK36sB8XjytA,5,Everything I have tried here is awesome! You can't go wrong with your choices! Service is ok. Could be better. Not very personable!,review,U6Uwhvf-HpigDGmQN6UVrQ,0,0,0
H7KzlC0-o1wIhlGg-Me5Ag,2012-07-14,iMEdCsxdwseu___7uDB_Ug,2,"Food is OK - sometimes good - used to be great.  The service is terrible and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00?  Seriously?  It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?
We were finally seated - had Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Chicken Curry - the curry was very good, but shrimp was overcooked and the dish tasted substantially different from last visit.  The restaurant is incredibly loud, to the point of distracting.  
We used to go here often, but will be eating at other places from now on when Saturday shopping.",review,XMAqt8jG6GfrW5WuD5LNfA,0,3,0
9yKzy9PApeiPPOUJEtnvkg,2012-05-02,nKuQxSWZQD-Jh4zQPnfcqw,2,"I was here once. A reasonably sized girl broke her white plastic lawn chair and tumbled to the ground. I averted my gaze and tried to focus on my overpriced mediocre eggs benedict. My friend just laughed and laughed. I guess I should have ordered the mimosas, too.",review,ZiMCaIaUlBmVnNjREY0W6Q,0,1,2
gqLWBFxOKag8dXwVxEvTrg,2008-05-27,nnS89FMpIHz7NPjkvYHmug,2,"Being a creature of habit anytime I want good sushi I go to Tokyo Lobby.  Well, my group wanted to branch out and try something new so we decided on Sakana. Not a fan.  And what's shocking to me is this place was packed!  The restaurant opens at 5:30 on Saturday and we arrived at around 5:45 and were lucky to get the last open table.  I don't get it...

Messy rolls that all tasted the same.  We ordered the tootsie roll and the crunch roll, both tasted similar, except of course for the crunchy captain crunch on top.  Just a mushy mess, that was hard to eat.  Bland tempura.  No bueno.  I did, however, have a very good tuna poke salad, but I would not go back just for that. 

If you want good sushi on the west side, or the entire valley for that matter, say no to Sakana and yes to Tokyo Lobby.",review,MmPOU8kbuwkE4NedXe-qZw,3,2,1
G5SASWuL_CVxpgwXXGC4DA,2012-04-01,rZbUfLjag57St_AXUXNEqw,1,"If only I where rating this place based on their sushi I would give it 5 stars.  But, I'm not  rating it based on the food.  It is purely based on the customer service in this establishment.  Be warned; if you have a large party this is NOT the place to go.  I've been in the restaurant industry for over 20 years and I have NEVER heard of a restaurant not splitting checks for large parties.  So for an over 500.00 bill they will take 15+ different forms of payment but won't split up the check by individuals or couples.  How does this make any sense.  To make matters worse; they bring out the sushi and I quote ""family style"".  Since when did sushi get served family style?  Here is the problem.  Sushi is expensive, not everyone at the table ate it and when served ""family style"" someone else may get what you ordered and you won't have a clue it even made it to the table.  We spent over 40 minutes trying to figure out this bill, SERIOUSLY!  When I asked the manager her generic and obviously well rehearsed response was ""this is our company policy, we do not split checks for large parties"".  This is absurd.  So not only did we have a heck of a time figuring out the bill, I'm pretty sure no one really knew who had what and if they had added random things to the bill.  How could you know with that many people ordering????  I never received part of what I ordered yet it made it on that bill.  So here we have to pay it regardless of what we may or may not have received?  I understand that adding gratuity to a party this size is also common practice which I don't normally have a problem with but how about some EXCELLENT customer service in return.  If policy is no separate checks, at least tell everyone as they order or as a group that this will occur.  They said someone was told when the reservation was made.  The reservation was made for 25 people!  It would've taken 2 seconds to again relay this important piece of information.  Worst experience ever!",review,TQKPQR8csbXmC-_-2XB0PA,0,0,0
-EctXOb3B7T177jGYUhjVA,2010-07-05,_0BGgf3grew5jfV9BW07qQ,4,"Okay, so a group of us go out practically every Friday to the same old places for beer and food, but mostly for beer. So to break out of the norm, I was in search of a place with excellent beer and good food and somewhat close to home. So onto Yelp I go and came upon Boulders, and the reviews were pretty good and definitely worth checking out. So we all pack into the car and head over to Boulders. The parking is great, plenty of spaces to go around. You walk through the patio, not bad with all the misters, felt like I was in a rainforest, but very refreshing. So you walk a little further, watch the steps, and there's your bar. Very open, plenty of hightop tables and lots of TV's. The beer menu was plentiful. It should make everyone from the microbrewer to the coors drinker happy. I was pleased because they had plenty of vegetarian meals, or dishes you can substitute meat for veggies... and for you meat eaters out there, I was told the burgers were delicious and the waffle fries were soooo tasty. The staff was helpful and attentive as well. I would definitely add this into our Friday night rotation. If you're looking for microbrews, this is a place to check out. The atmostphere is kicking and just an all around good place to kick back.",review,BVx7_5ox_erPCm2Id3Ncmw,0,1,0
x4L42igQPv4TFlqGR2Wthg,2011-03-27,2_PaDmpdqhdEK6dl7BM8MA,5,"I went here on a Saturday night and sat outside listening to the band playing in the background.  It was part of the Music Under the Stars, or whatever it called, very cool and fun though.  BTW, I see a lot of people commenting on how loud it was, to all you yelpers, take that with a grain of salt, it's a pizza place near a large family residential area on a weekend, what do you expect, I guess it's an expectation thing.  By no means is this going to be a quiet candlelit dinner for two.  It's a classy, family oriented pizza place. 

We ordered the caesar salad and small pepperoni pizza. Very well priced, and the pizza in my opinion tasted delicious.  It seems like everybody has some weird opinion on how good pizza is, and I guess I have a weird opinion as well.  Here goes...the size of the small, is not small it was more like a medium (value! winning!)(sorry lame Charlie Sheen pop culture reference) anyway, it had a faint sweet taste on it which i really like, the cheese was good, not too much sauce, and the pepperonis were very flavorful.  They were the small kind and they were just great.  The Salad was good, salad is salad, it's hard to mess that up.  

We were helped by an awesome bartender/server named Chandler.  Cool guy, really nice, he kept us entertained.  

We'll be back I want to try some kind of meatlovers next time we go there.",review,sljlQDKEhsHDt9Mx5B2b9A,0,1,0
3yRq8DjiSt4lSPEonpSaLQ,2008-07-27,umlD45tB3DEHiKuVLDN_sA,4,"Wow, I am surprised at the last review.  I have found the food at Bada Boom Pasta Room to be excellent every time I have been there.  I am in love with Mr. Pink's Pasta. It has a delightful vodka sauce, and you can also add proscuitto wrapped shrimp as well. They have a fantastic martini selection a well, and the decor it hip and fun.  Did anyone say red velvet walls?  Great place!",review,d8geeKYzPeGp8uSP8C6PTw,4,3,3
tAmevVP8B7PiWxcJ0PlYVA,2012-01-16,ZBKtc84KW5q9DtscOB974w,5,"There's a certain amazingness that comes from fresh made ice cream.  It's soft, creamy, and not filled with high fructose corn syrup and preservatives to keep it together for months in a freezer.  Growing up in Arizona, we always made homemade ice cream in the summer and if you've never experienced homemade ice cream, just go to Churn.
I had the banana ice cream with caramel sauce on top.  I can't say anything bad about it at all.  If someone doesn't like their ice cream, it's because they've been subject to all the fakeness added to ice cream in the stores and national ice cream shop chains.  
The shop has lots of toys and candy and knickknacks that will give you a sense of nostalgia.  I'll tell you what sounds like the best day ever:  riding my bike down Central on a beautiful Phoenix day... stopping in to Churn for an ice cream break (and then popping into one of the restaurants nearby for a cocktail).",review,liiYhDAP64C8uLyixBDWdg,0,1,0
aIpqc26pFPyEglBrs0k7EA,2010-01-31,rFe_1ZTVr4BEsJ5U_vSj-Q,4,"I'm a Sprint customer so maybe I'm biased. I'll just say that upfront.

I got another phone on my plan and had no problems. At all.

Once I told the salesperson that I lost my connection cable for my BB 8330, he gave me one free.

Score.

Though, minus one star for not being a repair store.",review,T5mD6ggC7fh48QgXR0LevA,0,1,0
Dsvx2LEC8jk9nuGsg1Kqhg,2009-09-04,3NeeZn65Gi-l6qeJWlrblQ,4,"Before I shop at Whole Foods (which is on the same lot), I buy organic produce at TJ's because it tends to be much less expensive.  
Also a fan of the delicious frozen gluten-free pancakes, the organic vegetable pizza (which you can microwave in a pinch), the gluten-free ginger cookies, the should-be-illegal-they're-so-delicious lemon madeleine cookies, and the canned cat food, which has a minimum of junk.  Hubby also loves their frozen chocolate bananas.  I just wish that all of the TJ's stores stocked more organics.",review,Cj6tGJrLEdN35H9cR6b8Lw,0,1,0
zOCdVUKUN3b-obT67Qjyww,2009-05-03,PxQUaU25pQ1ybUjcv_JCZA,3,"If you have ever eaten at an exceptional German restaurant, you will be ruined for life. Years ago, the Haus would have gotten 4 stars. But after being turned on to a little gem in Gibson City, IL called ""The Bayrn Stube"" my appreciation of fatty meat and spices stuffed in an intestine laid on a bed of sauerkraut and red cabbage has been forever changed. Haus just doesn't quite measure up. The cup of soup before the entree tasted like it came out of a can and the bread looked like the sheets of Hawaiian bread you buy at wally world. Probably the biggest turn off was when they brought out the brown mustard still in a plastic squeeze container. 
My meal was the Nuernberger/Kassler combo for one, and I had enough left over for breakfast the next day. Their sausages seem to be of lesser quality than I would get at Sunflower and the red cabbage had some pork gristle in it. Not that I mind a little pork fat in my cabbage, but not chunks, and definitely not gristle. My friend ordered the Huehner (Chicken) Schnitzel, which had a very good flavor, it was the best part of either of our meals. They do have a nice selection of good beers on tap, no Aventinus though. 
If the food was anything other than German, it would get 2 stars. It is nice to have somewhere to get a schnitzel when I'm in the area, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here.",review,9eY0M7voV1g_cm4ddI4OCw,2,2,0
JrQuZeFYMOyO7pgt2QsS0Q,2012-04-11,Ub_EVO5-TTNFlEsuOlHG4Q,5,"Top notch. He is now my go to barber. Charged only $16 for cut and beard trim, but I throw him a tip on top of that for an exceptional cut. He will ask you questions throughout the cut to make sure you end up with the cut you came for. Can't go wrong with this guy. And what a cool place!",review,GLwSntMlUtHUYCGFikHVHw,0,1,0
nRO4tRwimU12hg7Cnz__iA,2010-06-23,p1zmTSim_CriGLngyDM2Ow,5,"By far my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in Arizona!  The service is always awesome, the place is always clean, and the environment is always welcoming and friendly.  I love hole in the wall, family-owned restaurants because [at least the ones I have been to] there is always a sense of pride in their service and their food.  I've been to this restaurant a few times and have loved everything I have tried.  I like being able to taste flavor, not seasoning, and their Dolmeh appetizer is just that: a perfect medley of herbs, grape leaves, and rice.  

I usually order the #6 - Beef Kebab, but I have tried their #3 - Chicken and Gyros and #7 - Lamb Kebab.  The meat, be it beef, chicken, lamb, or gyro, is always moist and tender.  Like their meat, the grilled vegetables have a perfect blend of crispy and lightly seared on the outside, but juicy and steamed on the inside.  The basmati rice is always thoroughly cooked and flavorful.  The same goes for the Homous, Baba Ganoosh, and Yogurt Cucumber Dip.  I highly recommend their house Combination Platter.  The pitas are always warm and their homous and ganoosh have the perfect texture.  

Try to go around 5p to beat the dinner rush.  The place is always packed on Saturday nights, so show up a little before regular dinner time if you want to ensure seating for your party!",review,jZK9oNsuWe4qtX5KBt6Dqw,0,1,0
lvpXyfTDF5WZnjzc36r5Wg,2009-03-16,RqypbpctRh-GW6y-rq5zlA,5,"i just finished licking my fingers clean and almost ate the dressing-drenched paper that held my very first, and surely not last, lucky boy international burger.

crispy bun, tons of dressing, fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions, and a perfectly tender, smokey burger. thick, perfectly salted, crunchy on the outside and soft and burning hot on the inside fries. thick and deliciously sweet chocolate and peanut butter shake.

gone. in less than 5 minutes.

place closes early, so unfortunately there will be no drunk trips through the dangerously narrow drive thru.",review,HY9qpAamqLXFoa7xMwNntg,3,4,3
cXx-fHY11Se8rFHkkUeaUg,2009-10-19,ew3mLlCiwBalU01_2_eufg,3,"These folks pour a DRINK for $3 on Saturdays! They have daily specials and the Saturday special is $3 SoCo or Three Olives. Saturdays also offer a turkey cheeseburger and fries for $5, but I didn't try it. You can see all their specials by hovering your cursor over the day of the week on their home page (http://www.16th.st/index.html)

It was NOT crowded when we cruised in for the Sun Devil game this past weekend. We were greeted by a guest who asked if we had a reservation and then hollered to the waitress who said there may be a wait. At least they have a sense of humor!

The advantage for us was we got to take our pick of the TV we wanted to view the game. There were two Texas Hold 'Em poker tables going (not my thing so I don't know specifics) and I saw pool tables in a separate area -- photos on the website make it look like there's shuffleboard too.

Definitely looking forward to going back. It was a great place to watch a game. I'll have to try the food next time and maybe they'll get a bump to 4 stars (although, I observed their nachos are real cheese nachos, and I'm a fake cheese nacho girl so I'm gonna have to pick another game day food!)",review,vsXP832M0kOxKpfduD7dWw,7,8,4
G2Re2E5Jkv_UF1xrenSsDg,2008-02-01,52CZjnpWg0Xm2xLNX66QCw,4,"I told myself not to buy clothes at Macy's since I did not have that much room in my carry-on luggage. Darn you Macy's!! Why did you have a bazillion racks of clothes that was on sale!!! NooOOo.. I could not resist the temptation and bought 4 shirts for $60. I wanted to buy more too!! 

I have a love-hate relationship with this Macy's.",review,mU5GwCA4uiD0-RH1qt3jrQ,2,1,2
QVR7dsvBeg8xFt9B-vd1BA,2009-08-02,XylYT-qEexVQvi9kQayfcg,5,"This is a GREAT place to eat! One of my favorite lunch stops as you can see if you follow my facebook photos ""Lunch With Stew"". My favorite thing there is the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. mmmmm, mmm. Kevin O'Donnell is from the Texas Hold'em family of final tables and occasionally will play the tour. Super great guy and he also has a super great restaurant and sports bar.",review,NrRS56Dv52m2BND-9v1qWw,2,1,1
eHcQzL5eebqvKrLW5q283w,2012-12-04,ghCbfrZmjCZ4ax-SM6S9ow,5,Amazing sandwhich joint. A must go place to eat!,review,tFyQbNbBQEyEc9oCr1pJUg,0,0,0
OFBJtqWGSx6n6CchtVmoRw,2012-04-12,2dAXW2v95-zXZiDmVbCgLQ,4,"On one of my Scottsdale excursions recently i got taken to Delux by a friend who said they make, ""the best burger she has ever had."" So obviously i had to put this to the test.We started with sweet potato fries which were served in a mini shopping cart which was entertaining. They were cooked to crisp perfection and lightly seasoned and still had the incredible sweet potato taste. I got to try the clasic delux burger itself and it was quite amazing, incredibly juicy and cooked just how i like it. We also got the lightly seasoned original fries as well which were just as good as the sweet potato ones. i also got to try the turkey burger which was also juicy and flavorful, along with the chicken panini which was incredibly tasty.  it was a great lunch every one i was with enjoyed themselves and I am glad my friend recommended it.",review,WhhKmQRrzAgyMiC7AoXB8g,0,0,0
B-FG89Jw729_i5rfA7FT7A,2011-07-26,mumqLJagsjP9TErFbRmMxw,5,"5 stars all the way. 

Let me begin by saying that I'm a big fan of the products. The store is done in very warm tones and the drinks are incredibly aromatic and these 2 things combines seem to make all my stress melt away when I step in the door. 

I'm not a huge coffee fan, but I can order some of the coffee drinks here. I'm completely unable to drink the caramel frappuccino from Starbucks, but I can't get enough of the caramel ice blended from Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.

So now that we've established that I love the product, we can move on to the real reason this place gets a 5 star review--the staff. I've never seen anything like it. If you come in 3-7 times someone will probably know your name and might even know your drink.

Leila is the best at this. She knows peoples names, their drinks and if you come there often enough she even knows which car you drive. She'll see a regular customer's car pull up and she'll have the normal drink ready and waiting for them by the time they walk through the door. THAT is the epitome of customer service.",review,Cz14fLzWMXg-7-oRpBGFag,1,1,1
nw2YkHEjzSj-_0aIiKB7rA,2011-10-31,TQ893vMDBwNwMeJpyBpB4A,3,"ok experience, just got to a point I did not want my membership anymore and it was complicated to stop it all. I just did not like the autopay committment.",review,9OiOuOhxnXZ3zcqFaIZiOg,0,0,0
74NT13vpDleoNrkxQdEpsQ,2012-12-31,m5JOM5okVoB7-CodGxytdg,4,"Occasionally I just feel like going out for just basic breakfast, i come to this particular MacDonald's.  It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the interesting people that you now are regulars among others. It's always clean and the service pretty quick. it's by no means and exciting venue!   is okay for what it is.  I am not a big breakfast eater so it serves the purpose when I am in that particular mood.

When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning, a Greek meal that I might prefer first thing in the morning might not set well at takeoff as a big breakfast..",review,4sIK_74UwkKU9YQXIfgCdg,0,0,0
Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw,2007-05-18,0q2I70f7p5TGWSh1bGHk5g,4,"As far as malls go - and I hate malls - this one is tolerable. Just speed past the food court to avoid a cluster you-know-what. 

If you like upscale, this is your place. Me, I typically hit two to three stores and leave. But maybe that's just my shopping style.

If you have the cash to blow, the time to spend and the desire to shop, then this is your mall.",review,APLIPfq1Rf8QyhHHk2uAyA,0,1,0
fK7ujDbjhRFEe2D7eIwK4w,2008-04-14,R0A19zt2GyhjGmVce3d_tw,1,"Quick spot for a mall-made mayo-based California roll. This is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong.

You've been hard at work doing swipe-and-sign. Perhaps you even dropped a thousand bucks at Neiman's on a worthless Jhane Barnes' sweater and some silk-lined Zanella slacks or three thousand on a whats-left-of-last-season's-collection of Brioni blazer. Whatever your fancy, you're toting a wrist full of roped, glossy, shooshing-sounding bags with tissue paper sticking out the tops. You just want a break and some cool refreshing sushi.

It's OK, but beware. Unagi and other ""hot"" items have a ""beep-beep beep-beep"" before they get to you. California and spicy tuna rolls come real quick -- 'cause they come from a vat of mayonnaise. Rice is not right either. Stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup.

If head chef Rick is there (think Kyoto of Empire at 24th and Camelback, then Ichi Ban, University off McClintock), ask him to make you a Fat Bob on Acid, for good ol' times' sake. Or just go to Starbucks, tide yourself over, and find a real sushi restaurant.

And about the Brioni... Don't sweat the buyer's remorse. It'll make a great tax deduction to Florence's.",review,hDlSSyDreM9xY4yQWPm54w,3,4,3
7sNFLjSyinVqeQ_Teg2WRQ,2012-10-20,0aa3LhWitRTTGuzUhdcwzw,5,"Stay in the courtyard recently and have no complaints at all!! RIght when I entered the place , the staff greeted us and they were all very nice and helpful with everything. Although i only stayed there for 1 night , i thought the rooms were very well kept and the bed was amazing! The first thing i do when i check into the room is look at the bed and sample how if feels and this bed was amazing! The rooms are about normal size and has a tv , desk , chair , etc..... Wifi is also a must whenever i travel and no complaints here. Wifi was fast and easily available. Did not have a chance to see the gym or the pool but they do have one. Overall , i would stay here again if i come by Phoenix!!",review,FBE0gDdN4fZH-6uo-mWgPQ,0,0,0
WHd8fLeMeWKUK6sPyeB-UA,2009-08-16,g-9ZKp70OA-YDiWuA8bi4w,4,"The best part about Logan's is the rolls - and I don't mind that you do not need to add butter because it is already dripping with butter. YUM! I can taste a hint of beer in the roll as well...or it could just be yeast..or wishful thinking. I am trying to be healthier, so I went with the salad and water. The anything-and-everything salad does have some good items included - craisins, pecans, egg, grilled chicken and a good balsamic vinaigrette dressing...but still it was a salad. Maybe I should have ordered the grilled streak salad...but the peanuts are a free appetizer and you can throw them on the floor. What fun! The sweet tea is outstanding and reminds me of my days in Atlanta.

Another review commented about the similarity between Logan's and Texas Roadhouse. They are very similar, but I wouldn't say Logan's is a knock off. Plus Logan's was started in 1991 to Texas Roadhouse's 1993, so perhaps they are the ones being imitated?

Come in for a sweet tea, free peanuts and the excellent rolls. The rest is about your average steakhouse. Two salads, one tea and a water - $22.",review,zCC6huLkNBEr3JUgQyxJbg,2,1,1
Nj6ITW0Zhl7LpovGIH6SAg,2008-12-01,rAhZ_nV116_uxZnVEAWXmg,4,"Yay I am a fan...ok for the ladies...this is a tough bit, I have shopped here with girls who literally will hide good finds in other places of the store so they can come back and get them later, most of the time they are gone. 

Funny huh, this place literally looks worse then some of the barrio shops in rocky point, it seems like it is the day after thanksgiving every day there, and people literally throw stuff anywhere.

For the guys this place is a pretty good place to go, the deals on shoes are unreal, nikes that are $100.00 bucks for like $20.00, you can't get that anywhere. 

You can also get top notch clothing and make you look like a true Scottsdale deuschbag for less then 100 bucks Rolex or Tag Heur watches will not be found here, sorry deuschbaggery only goes so far at last chance. 

In any event this is probably one of the best bargain basement places in the valley to get top notch stuff.  

Two things you need to know about this place.

1. They restock every Sunday, so Sunday mornings here really are like every black Friday after thanksgiving, you might get trampled to death like that guy at Walmart or shot like those two dudes at Toy's R Us..and it could be your last chance:)

2. Check all your shit seriously, allot of this stuff is here because it is damaged, so be careful they have no return policy that is why it is LAST CHANCE!",review,Ofxlhi_HKp7myFDpwg9aIA,0,1,4
xWcTt1L4vQC_QkPfPBVlCw,2009-04-29,FlzwpccnrO-4-m7Fx2YEAA,2,"The furniture was nice, but I didn't get a welcoming vibe in here at all. First of all, it smells like a dead cat in there -- perhaps it's the mid-century furniture, but whatever, light some incense or something. Second, the guy working there was completely cold. No hello, no how are you, no welcome. He just stared us down the entire time, not saying a word, making sure we didn't touch anything at all. It's a frickin' furniture store! How can you not be allowed to sit on the couches? I don't care if they're vintage or antiques or the like, it's not getting my business.",review,xkTbpCc-YhU8-EXZDA7u0g,3,3,6
VK54dQNl1VlwtDxjTocxhA,2011-11-05,XZa2oz1Aop-Gz2af4MclZg,3,"I have to say i avoid this store as much as i can. I have lived in this same neighborhood for 15 years,so i have had to go to this store many times over the years. They just never understand Customer service at this location.  It is very close to where i live but, i would rather drive a little further for fresh and Easy. However, i this night i thought i would just stop here for a quick shopping experience.                                                           My boyfriend was really sick and i wanted to take him some fresh Chicken soup that they make and sell here. So here i am at 6:45 at night on a weekday. One cashier is open ,yes only one in a store that size!!!   Mind you the store is packed.  The line is all the way down the frozen food isle.   There are 4 registers where you can check your self out / But, no one is there to help them( all 4 busy)..    And it is winter in molasasville. So slow. I am sorry and don't want to sound like i am above it all,but i do not have time to waste like this.                                                                         This is not a one time  experience either. This is one of the biggest reasons i hate going to this store. I have been to other Safeways around the valley that are not like this.   The one on 7th Street for instance. They never behave this way.   Sorry to say i will continue to avoid this shop!!",review,F6QsMoJdvtohlbnST-fDyQ,1,1,1
-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ,2008-08-23,1x1M3I42UF4mG_45W1cZcA,4,"OMG, oh so good. Gives me gas and makes me tired after lunch, but it's well worth it.",review,9VPNlcKsL99FvKtz1r9qJg,0,0,2
ZuFdIKk_5x140kpUmRTo2w,2012-09-08,rOOfSaJCEkTnvmqvdbt8uQ,4,"Sunset rise on new year's eve. Gorgeous scenery. Great short ride, but you cover a lot of ground with a lot of different amazing views. Saguaros everywhere. Great view of the lake from the top of the hill. Friendly staff. Drawbacks: horses seemed pretty tired by the end of the day (we were the last tour). Even though my horse misbehaved, our tour guide handled him very well. Looking forward to more rides when we return for vacation!",review,PlElSxv5-h60-88_1EVLuw,0,0,0
edcGkJ6qPs3lUnSz9pqoGQ,2012-07-05,B55SnzOSjF3Q-HCS4BKrIQ,4,"Very excited to try this place out.  I tried the sampler of all 4 beers and really enjoyed them all; however, the watermelon ale was my favorite.  Great service, cool, relaxed atmosphere and delicious beer = a winner!",review,pEVf8GRshP9HUkSpizc9LA,0,1,0
ltk2xcvDFvuljYIpMnRqAA,2012-03-28,6M5tZArDCgjXph-AQxHf3Q,4,Same menu as Phil's Grill but you can reserve a table on this side. Food is wonderful and service is great. Love the daily soup special. Try the wings but ask for them to be a little on the crispy side. The ribs are wonderful and they give you a lot. If you order the fries as an order be prepared to share with everyone in the restaurant. They give you enough for an army. Sunday night is half price wine and $5.00 burgers. Get there early as they pack them in.,review,JxizK08K88qgrxL6dGb6yw,0,0,0
9yKzy9PApeiPPOUJEtnvkg,2011-02-02,4x5yLG7_yGLuN-w6fV0eBw,4,"I love every place on South Mountain. I've been wanting to try a Monte Cristo for awhile now. The wait was well worth it. Massive flavor explosion in the mouth. Finished it off, chased it with fresh lemonade, and seriously wanted to order round two. For sure will be back next week for that second one.",review,Vk-hJ1i5ZagPM87Kv9FOnA,0,1,0
sspvIv6br3Vto2s5JkeiMw,2012-12-29,Cjzu_kQeY2e3ToXHSGKfNw,1,"I usually do not complain about bad food but the fish and chips gave my wife a serious case of food poisoning.  So if some manager reads this please check out your fish supply or change the cooking oil.  She never gets sick and has been sick all day (December 29, 2012) from the meal eaten December 28, 2012.",review,LcbCDjtqNP2IcGuBdrcBzQ,0,0,0
97Z7j4vH0kfzL10AONi4uA,2010-04-05,ESIuov-MzGqSkucA8l7d4g,5,"Still in love with this place and how much care they really have for all of their clients. 

I hit another, I want a piercing moods and swung in on a lunch break last week, determined to get this piercing I thought would be perfect on me. 

As usual Jo was absolutely amazing. He brought me back and we discussed what I wanted and when he looked at how my ear was shaped he said that I may want to try something like this (then drawing dots where they would go). He took into consideration my piercing past and said it's subtleness and the petite jewelry would suit me well.

And as always, I came out super impressed and ready to show off my piercings. They still look amazing a week later. I'm still in love, and they are perfectly healthy. Job well done. But I'm not surprised.",review,7zDqr2I0-xpw9HF5Ha54cA,1,1,0
zDyx_BL0RJbXWpXSFfrf8g,2009-05-11,mkEfn0UMgmphtiMpZDSE_w,4,"Ok....my 2nd review of an ""Irish"" pub.  And we're getting closer.  Good ambiance - I really thought it looked much like a few pubs I visited in Dublin (tho no pictures, that I saw, of the famous revolutionaries, no flags, no old photographs.  But a good draft beer selection.  And a really good Irish menu - we had the fish sandwich and the banger sandwich (lunch menu) which included chips (french fries) and I ordered a side of curry dip for the chips.  Good stuff.
Good Irish music (cd's) playing in the background - not obtrusive.  And a very good wait staff.  The bartender greeted us the minute we walked in. But sorry, folks, music is Thurs thru Sat and no Irish music that they admitted to - cover bands instead.  So I'll keep looking, but I'll stop here when I'm in the neighborhood.",review,ETIAM78kYT_xPM8b2iqi7g,0,1,0
qiwajZigq_2twTmYofPmDQ,2010-03-24,2L30O7G8IQ6HILpR0t5RFA,5,"part of a social event, we only had app's here. quite delicious crab cakes and a shrimp fritters with mango sauce. the portions were gigantic and actually big enough for a meal. i was slightly full afterwards. part of the roaring fork, wildfish franchise, they also offer a great happy hour. seems a bit high priced but our bill was taken care of, so i'd save this (for the middle class foodie) for a special event.",review,ST8Yzlk2MqKlcaLqL2djBg,0,0,0
tV97OH1LK00kUcX0Jig-sQ,2011-10-19,c4Vngc4Uxy9sQstQ_4Wapg,4,"This place makes some of the best vegan gelato/ice cream I've had. If you're vegan, skip the (kinda gross) soy froyo, and eat one of the gelatos. The service was super friendly and all the gelatos were super tasty. I had a big scoop of peanut butter soy gelato. It was by far the best peanut butter based ice cream I've ever had.",review,MPRRpCrzvYA9jbNVEcMDDA,0,0,0
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2012-03-31,2JGPmNX9KJPhyU0TSPTeXw,5,"Okay, I admit it - we are waaaaay late to this party. We tried once before but the hour-plus wait was just two much for the four starving carnivores with me that day. This time our strategy was to go early on a Saturday morning as close to 6:30am opening as possible. We arrived around 7:15 (it WAS the weekend after all) and only waited about 20min for a table for two. 

I had the special of the day - 3-egg scramble with andouille sausage, fresh local baby spinach and fontina cheese - YUM! The sausage had just the right enough of bam and the home fries with rosemary and onions rocked. My companion had the hog and chick - awesome meaty bacon with that.

Great value for the price - I packed up at least half my meal for the starving teenagers at home (who could not be roused at dawn). If you haven't been, get up early, bring a newspaper and rest assured Matt's Big is well worth the wait.",review,g_HNO8oUoYDKd4yJi2_yvg,0,0,0
2UfTG6BpFgeMREXQdAd_TQ,2011-08-13,4oVXKR4TrryBNNoGFBhvog,4,"Very nice theater, with a very friendly staff.  The seats were comfortable, the popcorn was fresh, and the place was clean.",review,aAOosIA2598fl8v2mcWoWg,0,0,0
7cfh_iFrzh2489palOKKmQ,2012-06-06,nBl7D6aJd4HJrB49tczpJQ,4,"I've been going here off an on since 2004, and have had pleasant experiences. It seems like the same guys since the first time I went, which to me tells me they have experience and a loyalty to their company and customers. They are always nice to me, and try to explain what's going on with my car as well as present me with options for repair. They are also great about trying to save me money by doing things like contacting manufacturer's about warranties, offering me packaged deals that cover what i wanted anyways, and providing discounts. 

One time I went for a package deal that was actually cheaper than the individual things i needed done for my 60,000 mile checkup. Part of the package included new filters, but since I had just switched them out myself and they were still in practically new condition. They went ahead and gave me the new filters, saying that I didn't need new ones, but i paid for them. I really appreciated this even if they only cost a few bucks each. 

Another time, it was slightly unfortunate in that it took a very long for them to get to my car and complete all the repairs/order parts etc. I waited patiently and didn't complain and they were very grateful. They kept thanking me for my patience and apologizing for the wait. When the bill came they had given me every special and discount available including an overall discount on the bottom line for the wait. It's not often that companies will give you anything without you having to bitch. While the wait was unfortunate, they did what they could to make it an overall good customer service experience. 

Overall good customer service, and a place that I trust. 

**as an added bonus, the mesa library is within walking distance.",review,AF1FkKODDmXFbVhlNIp4vA,0,0,0
ozWBsvbeM2LSPsRDsYKr1Q,2008-02-01,x_mfZv-3kEPkjb-2sMmynA,3,"I'm used to Ranch 99 back in Northern California, and this supermarket wasn't anything spectacular. This is a good place if you want seafood! All of the traffic was around that area. The food from the take-out section didn't look too good.

The market also has the bakery, peking duck, the flattened 1/2 duck, and roasted chicken. 

There is also Hong Kong Express to-go food where you can order noodles, dim sum, congee, boba drinks, rice dishes, etc. It's right next to the take-out food. 

The most interesting part of the supermarket was the selling of Chinese pancakes in front of the store. You can order mini pancakes with either a red bean, coconut, or custard filling. Each pancake is made to order and is $.50 each. I tried both the custard and red bean pancakes and it was pretty good! Cash only payment for the pancakes. You also have to wait awhile for the pancakes since there is a long line.",review,mU5GwCA4uiD0-RH1qt3jrQ,2,1,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2011-01-27,o-bfCYYDlc-h2Hbycr2TXw,5,"Busy place, but everyone is nice and I keep having to go to the cell lot because of late baggage from my original destination. They charge a lot to deliver so better get your bags checked 45 mn early...",review,E9jtD7EFBRQDaswk6goqDg,0,0,0
SMpL3z4FLF07bRA6-y22JQ,2012-10-03,oIJdEFAtJP2KDPwnNFtkEQ,3,"A pretty big group of us came here for my bro's bday and had a good time.

We had made reservations for a Sat night, and when we arrived, we were immediately seated.  Our server guy was friendly, quick and did a great job of attending to our large party.

The ambiance was more relaxed (and less pretentious) than I had expected (considering you're in Old Town Scottsdale), so I appreciated that.  Parking was easy.. not sure how we lucked out on great parking spots on a Sat night in the area, but we did!

The food:
My sister's coconut fish was very tasty.. addictive probably because of the creamy coconut milk and the sugar they obviously added.. still delicious.
My pork lettuce wraps were tasty and I had the option of getting them with red/purple leaf cabbage, which was a nice change.  The meat was savory and seasoned well and my portion was so big, there was no finishing it.
My bro's seafood curry was a hefty portion (as were all the rest of the dishes in our party) but I wasn't a big fan of the flavor.
My hubby's spare ribs were overly-flavored (yes, that does exist) and I didn't enjoy the bite I had.

Im not sure how authentic this Thai food is, but it was tasty... Thai food is quite healthy (yes, I do believe coconut fats are healthy), but all the sugar added for flavor enhancement of the currys is not very Thai.. nor appealing to me.  For a once-in-a-while occasion, I'd go.. but it's not really on my ""must go back"" list, sadly.",review,A99dyhEqcd_yXKPfBWeZHA,1,1,1
H7KzlC0-o1wIhlGg-Me5Ag,2012-08-26,jk3X3igjYG9PGOoLeJJYaA,3,"Good flavors, fast service.  Love their green curry.  Great happy hour where appetizers are 1/2 off the reg price.  The downside is that most of the appetizers are deep fried.  I like lunch better than dinner as they offer a nice salad with the meal.",review,BeC9T1PMdGwZ512_gKaUxg,0,0,1
rr13jM6SUmfPPPGHHMHCgQ,2012-03-31,p1pev14f3VKcAyO8I2RcOA,4,"HUGE fan!

Love Poncho, the birthday strobe lights, the food and the service. 

This is a go-to for my boyfriend and I when we're looking for sushi. More likely than not, we'll opt for the all you can eat option for $20/ person. 

With that comes with miso soup, salad, sashimi, your AYCE picks, ice cream and with a special frequent customer request, this awesome pan seared, naturally fatty sea bass belly and salmon cheeks, which are AMAZING. Not a taste for everyone, kinda bizarre for most. But this will be well appreciated by traditional Asian taste and PERFECT for me. Loyalist here.",review,ANTrWPSoOqbXkvLvxes-aA,0,4,0
jMxPbB_qhCONidfVsf3uBA,2011-01-22,iOhRbJFCSbU93M4w3h6Dqw,5,We love Dr Steve!,review,ZoiBl0VS-36RXokRTJPlSw,0,1,0
Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw,2011-03-14,d0DrtIgaI7ovGRQFudxFZw,5,"This mall has all the upscale shopping that you will ever need. Just make sure you come here with your credit cards in check as you are bound to fall in love with something when you come here.

They have some of the best department stores in my opinion, and if you're looking for that perfect dress for any occasion, you have tons of options to choose from.

I love how clean and perfect this mall is!",review,Lp_Ykqfbv5Q-oyGYlMGJRg,0,1,0
zC3wliBhYA7MkOel6qtuTw,2010-07-23,pAYFUvIe1L7z17MCkze0DQ,5,"This is a great Radio Shack.  The staff are older, and very knowledgeable with their product line.  If you need odd batteries, check this store out first.  I needed a watch battery, and found that they were the only store in Phoenix to carry it.  It cost be all of $5 bucks, but saved me having to buy a new watch.",review,VD-RoEyU02NGG7655PMfSA,1,1,0
XWpkTxBLgRXxl7g2Hw62Qg,2010-02-23,oH9OVWWQ6eUvHZwlLmdeHA,5,"Not only does this place get it's ingredients directly from Italy, it makes a variety of flavors fresh, daily! 

I got my first taste of gelato when I visited Rome Italy a few years back. I've tried other gelato spots around the U.S, but nothing has caught my AMORE, or the authentic Italian flavor, more than Angel Sweet. 

So far my favorite combo is the ""most popular"" Panna Cotta with Banana, (which an employee recommended), Hazelnut and Pistachio, as well as SUPER Dark Chocolate again, with the Panna Cotta.

Don't forget your punch card, buy 12, and get one kid's size free!",review,A3PEy6o-lQ-kRX3PXJo3hQ,1,1,1
V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ,2011-07-12,NF44zbH5km75xnXpbmFObA,4,"Yum! Delicious tasting pizza, a wonderful atmosphere, and oh those  Nutella crepes are devine!",review,hDkuZWTXVZRYqWojl_rx_Q,0,1,0
hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q,2011-03-05,1HfB456zIj_n_trw8Ebe7w,4,"My man took me to Fuego for a pre-birthday meal on a Wednesday night. I was surprised to see how many diners were there a. Because it's a Wednesday and b. Because it's in such an odd spot!! Once you get past the randomness of it's location, you will see how quaint and homey feeling it is. The two servers working the front of the house were friendly multi-taskers who welcomed, advised and fetched drinks while we decided on, then waited for our meal. We started with the scallop app and agreed that it was great, although small (3 scallops/$13). How bout one more tasty morsel? Apparently, it was small to save room for the hulking entrees we graciously received next! Wow! I had the seared ahi-a huge portion of it spicily seasoned, lightly seared, and great tasting! The man had the stuffed chicken breast, and inhaled it. It looked great as well. Also in the ""great"" category were the side dishes! Omg, the cheddar massed potatoes were so freaking scrumptious I could die! I also had the jalapeño creamed corn, that I mixed with the potatoes to make a combo from heaven! Man got the green chile cornbread casserole, which sounded meh, but tasted incredible! Such a fantastic meal! Stuffed with amazing food, and pampered by attentive servers, I was disappointed that I couldn't give Fuego 5 stars. But it wouldn't be prudent. 
Why, you ask? 
Because the sangria sucked. I had both the white, that tasted like watered down kool-aid, and the red, that tasted like old, cheap red wine mixed with coke a cola. They both sucked. Not good. Hopefully it was an off night, beverage-wise and I just happened to be there for it. Everything else was spot-on!",review,wC1CPV5bf--bDLtlhNSPLg,0,0,0
Gq092IH6eZqhAXwtXcwc6A,2010-04-30,pv4iPzmxeSF5pG47OzLdAQ,4,"This is in a really cute part of Chandler.  I've driven by a million times, but never paid attention to the all the restaurants.  We went here for lunch based on the great reviews it received on Yelp.  

I can't really add much more to the other reviews, but just wanted to be one more person to say that the food is delicious & service was excellent.  Great ambiance & music too!",review,Dc3nvTY7eWjOFWM3lvAztg,0,0,0
b78Cnqgeb4GoHqPobBXsjw,2011-06-29,MHEZCvdj2RCJk3_uFbcb9g,5,"I LOVE LIFE TIME!!  It's always clean  plenty of machines to work out  on  that are in working order!  HUGH VARIETY  of classes to take and keep you from getting bored.  My kids LOVE it too and ask when we are going to the gym.  They also have the rock climbing wall, basketball and Squash courts and outdoor and indoor pool with life guard and a water slide at both.  The out doors  and indoors have a lap pool as well .  The inside has 2 extra large jacuzzi  and of course your steam room and saunas. I personally love the locker rooms they are so nice to shower and get ready in they provide everything you could think of ( just like a 5 star hotel!! )  This place keeps me motivated You Gotta try the Zumba class and Strictly strength class!!!",review,Kdv_6GNMx5QF4f6aEdjbHw,1,3,0
BtKwRZRMyTIi9BRFk-75sQ,2011-04-25,NeHydq5dEAXXvOJh-HTtQw,4,"Foothills Park in North Glendale, AZ is a more than just a dog park!!!  This park has a skate park, an aquatic center / fitness center, baseball/softball fields and a branch of the Glendale Public Library.

On the north side of the park is the Foothills branch of the Glendale Public Library. Here in 2011 this branch has started closing earlier a couple days a week and they are now closed on Thursdays and Sundays. You can still request books online to be transferred to this branch for your convenience.

The dog park was recently expanded with a new section of dog run that connects the front of the park on 57th Ave with the back of the park behind the library.  Parts of the dog park are closed a day a week for maintenance, but part of the park is open every day.

The baseball fields are the area of the park I use the most. Arrowhead Little League (www.ArrowheadLL.com) is based at this park and they play two seasons - Spring and Fall. The City of Glendale also runs baseball and softball programs at this park.  

A playground sits on the South side of the baseball fields, just North of the wash.

The Aquatic Center (www.glendaleaz.com/foothillscenter/) has an outdoor pool with slides and lap pools.  There's a fitness center indoors with all the equipment of a normal gym plus a rock climbing wall and full indoor basketball court.  The kids love to hang out at the rec center.

The skate park on the west side of 57th is an area I've avoided thus far. It's usually packed with kids riding skateboards.",review,WQFJ8_V1lao4oZ_FKbk5Zg,0,4,0
sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw,2012-04-12,eJl3BaI9KB3kzdKfDmVgog,1,"My son and his family arrived into Scottsdale Tuesday April 10 on there way to California. We decided to eat at RnR before they continued there trip.  My son and my wife ordered a hamburger and fries. The fries had no taste and my son asked for two new orders. My grandchildren ate the original fries, while the new fries loaded with Parmesan cheese. The fries were not hot, nor had the cheese melted. I had a few of the fries and did not have as severe a case of food poisoning as my son and my wife. 

I have recommended RnR in the past. I do not think I will in the future.",review,RP3-rEZAYqbkX50ixDFbTQ,0,0,1
Rg3INE2p4zQYvfMvJduEOQ,2011-04-14,kYhKWql0mcqKkfEyTDFmIw,4,"I love Greek food. I have no idea when I became so enamored with Greek cuisine but I am glad I did. I end up craving it at least once or twice a week so when I met the fiance for lunch today near his office I mentioned aforementioned craving and he led us here to Cyprus Grill.

The place was pleasantly busy but not overcrowded. We ordered at the counter and out food came out pretty quickly. We tried the gyro pita as well as the gyro plate. We cleared our plates in no time so I guess that means the food was good, right? 

The gyro meat was tasty, moist and flavorful. The rice was delicious and the tzatziki sauce was refreshing. We decided that we'd be going back for future lunch dates whenever possible. Besides, you can't have too many go to Greek spots in my opinion so this one's definitely going in our books. Done and Done.",review,hcctCQy3bdZMezrUKkZLtA,0,1,0
j7-YRDU63fw975an55zHGg,2011-05-23,BqNpHEKVrpJEAhkRHJ46xA,5,"For those of you who love Indian/Pakistani food, but hate dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the best Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This praise comes with a reminder though...it is divey.

Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a decent little grocery, but it lacks the umph that other well-known ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries lack Z-Grill, and this is why it matters...

Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been disappointed when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are unbelievably reasonable.  It's safe to say that I'm addicted to this place. 

**A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that charming cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a favor and just try something else.**

I cannot say enough good things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a love for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it!",review,--65q1FpAL_UQtVZ2PTGew,3,3,0
JW6fDZOuUKtJyZGeldh0xA,2010-06-28,f0-le0ob-ZieOJvkUvFgBQ,4,"The name sounds like it's straight out of a book filled with a happy storyline, friendly characters and sunny days. And Chestnut Lane, the eatery, lives up to expectations. For the ultimate lady who lunches, this should be # 1 in her book. 

I discovered this lunch spot awhile back and immediately made my way there to check it out. From day one, I was hooked and have visited several times. Chestnut Lane is small, quaint and every bit as charming as the house they call home. When I first walked in, I saw gorgeous fresh salads to the left, begging me to take them home. Fresh pastries, cookies and cupcakes lined the counter top and refreshing water made their home in reusable milk-type jars in the refrigerator. The owner runs the shop and takes great care of the environment and the food they serve. From ladies who lunch, to professionals on the go...this spot is normally packed during lunch hour, so get there early. 

My favorite dishes include: the lobster salad (worth every penny), the tuna meld, chopped salad and honey roasted chicken blt. It's hard to escape without a bag of their delicious cookies or a mini cupcake. If it's mini, that means zero calories right? :) For those looking for a healthier option, their fresh fruit is full of amazing berries, etc. 

Hours: Better hurry and make it during store hours! Chestnut Lane is only open Tuesday-Friday from 8-3 and Saturday from 8-1.",review,4ozupHULqGyO42s3zNUzOQ,3,4,1
P2hdIBaOhbDwYfFcyokpyg,2010-03-08,leXN15iXBgo2s-INMklJmA,3,"I've been frequenting this Savers since the day it opened a few years back... 

They have a great one dollar tag sale on Mondays which is pure bliss I tell you!! Having a tough week, head over to Savers with a 20 dollar bill on Monday and you will come out a new woman with a new wardrobe!! 

My mother is the one who actually got me hooked on this deal lol.. The original frugality of the family lol. 

Overall, I cannot give this thrift store five stars just because I am a thrift store whore and have visited about every thrift store in and around the Phoenix area and have plenty of experience with many other thrift stores. 

This Savers requires a lot of digging, but some of my best finds have been a Dooney and Bourke gently used wallet for $16.00. Banana Republic black sling shoes for $5.99. Brand name NEW work out clothes and plenty of NEW with tags vintage dresses all under $9.99. 

This Savers is okay for just cheap everyday wear, other than that you won't find many unique and extravagant pieces here. Also, for some reason, everyone that shops here is really nice and friendly, no competiveness at all :)",review,Mmew2rqnwj8FW3qD9wsaQQ,4,3,1
qkbloHdDZuHf_0wTqUGPjQ,2011-09-25,py9CNLEoBarrM1EaVfRg9A,2,"I guess it's not really the most accessible place, but Frank & Albert's is located in the Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa and serves as one of their restaurants to their guests.  Since the other breakfast place they had was only a cafe that served baked goods, I decided to come here to have a proper breakfast.

When I asked what they recommended they immediately said ""the Biltmore Benedict"".  I was easily sold so I ordered one, and a coffee.

Cool thing about the coffee is they just bring you a carafe to serve yourself coffee as you please.  Not sure if this was because the waitress was lazy, but I thought it was nice.

The eggs benedict themselves were not the best.  On one hand the ham that they used was overcooked (ie. jerky).  On the other hand the english muffin was over toasted and too crispy, which kinda ruined the overall consistency.

It is a nice patio that they have to sit on, so I will give them that.  They apparently have a bird problem where birds kinda come and scavenge for food.  I didn't really mind it.",review,E3-93iTqkix1JRjqZNv5kQ,0,0,0
qfFSS0A5OXUkCbTeC1fYLw,2007-07-10,cnFSJ52zVRmXT3JcrOmdUw,5,"EXCELLENT TRIP TO THE SPA!!!!! 

A trip to the Aji Spa (located at the Sheraton Wildhorse Pass Resort and Spa) was at the top of my list during my recent trip to Arizona on Memorial Day Weekend. We made our reservations well in advance. Having gone to a few spa resorts, I couldn't wait to pay this one a visit. 

My cousin and I were each booked for the Little Yellow Bird spa package, which was comprised of 2 services each. We arrived about 15 minutes prior to our appointment time and was given a tour of the spa. After changing in the women's locker room, and relaxing in the private women's lounge area (there's a large lounge area, but it's co-ed), our masseuses met us and brought us into our room. My cousin and I decided for our first service to be the Companion Massage. After only having solo massages, I was interested how a companion massage differed. The 50 minute Aji Massage flew by. My masseuse was professional and the massage given was very comfortable, relaxing and beneficial. 

After our massages were completed, we had some time in between our next service, feeling a little hungry, we decided to grab some lunch from the spa's cafe. I ordered the flatbread pizza and it was TO DIE FOR! Seeded flatbread topped off with a garlic peppery aioli, grilled chicken pieces, pesto sauce, marinated bell peppers, melted cheese and avocado. My visit was a month and a half ago and my memory, a little fuzzy, but that was one of the best lunches I've had in a long time!! 

After lunch sometime, we each were up for our second service, our facials!!! Due to my skin type, I received the Aji Rain Facial. My esthetician was wonderful! Her hands were soft and gentle while working on my face and we had some lovely conversation during the 50 minute procedure. I left that room with my face feeling renewed, clean and fresh!

All spa treatments include full use of the spa's facilities so we definitely made well use of that! After our facials, we used the sauna (the steam room was out of service during our visit) and whirlpools located on the women's locker side. We then relaxed and lounged by the outside pool. The Aji Spa is such a calm, warm and relaxing environment that I ended up taking a nap! Outside! In desert heat! Thank goodness for the wooden awning with misters attached and the huge patio umbrellas providing shade! The staff at the spa provided excellent service! From the front desk, to our masseuse, the esthetician, the cafe staff and the locker room attendant! While napping, one of the staff from the cafe even brought us iced water with lemon and cucumber slices in it!

Our appointment started at 12pm and with our 2 procedures, and lunch, we should have been done and out of there within a few hours. But the point of visiting the spa was to relax, and with Aji Spa being such a lovely place, we just didn't want to leave!  We finally left nearly 8 hours after our arrival, and we would have stayed longer if we could! 

I highly recommend Aji Spa to anyone visiting the Phoenix area, or if you're looking for a new spa to travel to! Aji Spa is a beautiful spa with excellent staff and service. They even emailed me the same day of my service as a ""Thank You"" for visiting and included a discount coupon on my next visit! A 5-star spa, indeed!",review,yHCzZTF641SyRQGoefRvQA,2,7,0
BLgkoO4MKq00V2o9jOf5zw,2012-06-05,pLuclbtZtsvW8Zc7FonzZw,5,The french toast was delicious! Toddy was especially good,review,XMwsFSfJLOlYIs3Pe6xdcg,0,1,0
LRuIY8JFqadCSYLo242MGg,2010-05-02,loRSSYODeSxbDIqPVi-JGw,4,A few co-workers and I were in town for a conference and decided to check out this place on a Tuesday for lunch.  Service was fast and the sandwiches were good.  The bread was fresh...I would suggest splitting because a whole sandwich is just too much for a regular appetite.,review,CoO7q1yFPVy-nRqPOYLglA,0,0,0
Sm-KSR7qtHmP-Z1yBPxedA,2011-03-04,Iio56qtveYEytPTJe1uaog,4,I love the Starbucks in the Safeway here. Marissa...the girl who is normally the barista...is so nice!,review,TTP7l5g4QUVCpQZ9NTAWqw,0,0,0
bEQjf7c-9qkNWgXvriSGZw,2011-01-02,F-AKCYEr--6ZEcoFRxlq9g,5,"This place is awesome. Affordable, tasty food.  Simple and clean country environment.",review,t6qe0BXW0owmfvljlNZSWw,0,0,0
KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg,2010-09-08,LNW2d7TDLB7XHT-V8k-6Jg,4,"I haven't been in a while but I remember being impressed.  Nice ambiance, especially for a Thai restaurant.",review,f3LA83yEEBMj9q92H28O7w,0,0,0
oMw1SaH_zEbOOufTsGuk6w,2008-01-04,loM2AWQF8H1rHQOOt7MTIQ,4,"We ate here while waiting for our tire to be fixed across the street.  This place used to be The Vine for many years, until it closed and the building became two different restaurants. 
The service was very friendly, and the menu had many different items in case you don't like sushi.  We tried 2 different Bento Boxes of ribeye teriyaki (the online menu lists it as new york strip) and chicken teriyaki.  Bento boxes come with so much food!  You start with a pretty good Miso soup, and then the box comes with salad with a yummy soy vinagrette, two pork potstickers, rice, and fruit - in this case, orange and apple slices.  The steak was tastefully seasoned and melted in my mouth.  The chicken was tasty as well, but I liked the beef better.
Then we opted for a few pieces of sushi, since this is a sushi bar.  We had the Nigiri salmon and cooked shrimp, a california roll, and a house specialty called the Tukee Roll.  It is basically the california roll that is rolled in crunch tempura bits, and drizzled with unagi sauce and miso orange sauce.  This was one of the best rolls ever!  A great twist on the plain california roll.
Our iced teas were a bit pricey at $4.50 for 2.  Too bad we were too full for dessert.  Check out their website for an unusually tasty menu.  www.tankedfishaz.com.",review,qcBEh_PFohFIJFcK9J23Sg,1,2,0
0xDNu8EhXAaHVfhHjkYUHQ,2011-01-18,L6XP76Fry30BPcObDM4vuA,4,"This hotel is amazing! The staff is very friendly, it's very  clean and it has wide space for a hotel room, nice swimming pool with a heated pool. They have free breakfast and free dinner:) and it's pretty much near with everything you need: mall, restaurants and bars:)",review,w8ZOVM1E1m4jNgHRUSAzLQ,0,0,0
8Hn5X1AqgmSLHRG2KgBJBg,2009-09-27,We9A4seK9gy842dmfsIRaw,4,"LOVE Oregano's! They have delicious pizza, pasta, salads, wings, everything. The portions are huge and the prices are right and I can honestly say I've never not left Oregano's full and satisfied! Plus the atmosphere is fun as well. If you've saved room after your meal, try the pizookie, it's amazing. Giving 4 stars because there is always a huge wait and they don't take reservations or seat you until everyone is there, and also because the deep dish pizza was far too cheesy and saucy when I tried it (more than a deep dish should be) but everything else is superb.",review,1uwqR1r9nMDgI6RZT_bL2w,0,1,0
8cL7aJVKTYmLguzXEAS3Lw,2009-06-18,ZrNfIWRPOMOfVpvkgx4jGg,5,"Fantastic Happy Hour 3-6pm! Half price appetizers and good drink prices. I like their Sushi and Garlic Noodles.

And pretty much everything I've had there is good. I had a Peppercorn Steak about 2 weeks ago and it was amazing. It's right next to the movies so it's a good place to meetup too.",review,lGHGgbkOj3aoVLKcOnARxg,0,2,0
uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ,2010-12-27,PYSY5WvX-RVU-gmNc4zx2A,5,"Went here for the first time last week and had a great experience. The restaurant was very clean, the service was great. The best part? The food. I've been in AZ for 10 years now and I can say without a doubt that its some of the best food I've had in a restaurant (and this from a pregnant woman no less ;)

I had the fried chicken tenders, cheesy grits and fried okra. First, the food came out piping hot, I mean steaming and hot to the touch. The batter on the chicken was thick and crispy. The grits were cooked to perfection- dry enough to hold together a bit but still moist. And the okra was fantastic, too. It didn't hurt that my fresh lemonade came in a mason jar, either. 

I will be back. a lot :)",review,U8ayzBXrBzgjdrCYOzwNOg,0,0,0
Xsl-i1otDd3GXJEkkKJCaw,2011-04-03,4oxk-dhpdrtMeq6Ks-6uJw,2,"This place is a bit scary.  (And since it is a Chinese restaurant, that means a little more than scary).  It's dark, (even though its been remodeled at least once since it has changed owners a few times).  It serves mostly Cantonese based cuisine although most of the waitstaff tend to speak Mandarin.  I'm actually Chinese and notice these things.  There is some live seafood.  I usually go here for lunch when we have a crowd.  It is inexpesive and fairly quick to get in and out.  A bit heavier on the salt and sauces than I would like though.  I tend to go to my old standbys Great Wall or my newer loves Nee House or South China knowadays.",review,vhxFLqRok6r-D_aQz0s-JQ,0,1,0
EcHuaHD9IcoPEWNsU8vDTw,2012-12-26,k-FfTT_iv-YOzX_SqyFOzQ,5,"The boyfriend and I like to do little staycations every now and then so when we saw a deal advertised for the Camelback Inn we jumped on it. We stayed two nights in just a regular room, I guess. They had several different kinds of suites (even rooms with a private pool!) but our room was a standard room with a nice patio facing Camelback Mountain. The room was spacious and clean, the bed was comfy and the patio was the perfect place to enjoy breakfast.

Camelback Inn was much bigger than I expected. Lots and lots of buildings spread out over the property. It's not the easiest place to find your way around but at least it's pretty to look at while you get lost. At the back of the property is a little ghost town set up. It looks like they do corporate events - cowboy cookouts - but nothing was going on while we were there. But we had fun wandering around the ""town"" and taking goofy pictures of each other.

Even though it was December it was warm enough to hang out by the pool. The pool is heated so that helped and there are two hot tubs as well for really chilly days. They have an abundance of lounge chairs and even offer float rafts and fun noodles for the pool. There were kids splashing around but the area is big enough you can hide away from the action if you prefer.

We ate at two of the restaurants while we were there - BLT Steak and Rita's Kitchen and both were fantastic. 

We loved our Camelback Inn staycation and would not hesitate to go back - especially in the summer when the rates are low!",review,Pv7DGHzZ-uqIUdOsqPpsVg,0,0,0
winRNt7prallDbpaDMS9Ig,2010-04-23,TjfAFeidC47fnzVwZ2glWw,4,"I loved the crispy crust of the pizza thought it was super good.  I think if you haven't been there and are at the San Tan Mall shopping that its worth a visit.  We went on a double date and it was a pretty good experience.  The only issue I had was that I thought they had a very small dining area, which was probably the reason for the 45min wait.  Also we went on a friday night and probably because of the small area it got very loud, which I know the management has no control over, but just an fyi of my experience.  I'd say if you haven't been and you love pizza its worth the visit.   I may try and stop in for lunch sometime but definitely not on a Friday night, it was just too busy.",review,h_gopaLFyHShSrjB84JrwQ,1,0,0
corPOxxIBRJ7DSpryYvorw,2012-09-23,6ExO3PXJ4J395Ux889Ernw,4,"My hubby and I have been fans of Roy's since our first time at the flagship location on Oahu . . . and we've watched him expand to the mainland. Our experience with the mainland Roy's have been hit and miss, but the Marriott Desert Ridge location pretty much knocks it out of the park! We went at the tail end of Arizona Restaurant Week. We really liked the menu options for this special week, and the warm chocolate souffle cake is always out of this world . . . If that was the only thing that tasted good, then we would feel we got our money's worth . . . but we didn't have to worry about it because everything was perfect from beginning to end.

We had an adorable server who had a great personality and excellent people skills. She was unassuming and let us linger between courses. As I am a stickler about food coming out too soon after just finishing one course, this was just perfect! And so relaxing. The ambiance on the patio, which is where we chose to sit, almost felt as if we were on one of the islands, not in the middle of the desert . . . with the tiki torches lit and the sound of the babbling water features throughout the resort, it came pretty close . . . it was just missing the trade winds.  The resort had a band playing as well . . . they were pretty good, a few ups and downs. I would have loved if the music was a little more subtle than the pop-jazz mix they were playing . . . oh, but I have digressed. 

My hubby and his daughter chose the restaurant week menu. Hubby had the Grilled Szechuan Spiced Pork Ribs Smoked & Glazed in Roy's Original Mongolian Sauce. A bit cliche, but they were finger lickin' good! My step-daughter and I shared the Crispy Spicy Ahi Sushi Roll with Ginger Wasabi Beurre Blanc -- it was huge and almost a meal. The rolls were fresh, crunchy, and had a little kick . . . not too spicy. It was a good thing I agreed to help her with it! For entrees, my hubby had the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi with Spicy Soy Mustard Butter Sauce. It, too, was an ample portion of tender ahi that was complimented by the sauce but no overpowered by it. My step-daughter had the Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi with Maine Lobster Essence. Another nice portion of perfectly cooked Mahi.  We all were starting to feel the aloha spirit . . . I had to be the exception by ordering off the regular menu and chose my most favorite entree of all . . . the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish . . . Aah, what a delight, so melt-in-your-mouth delicate . . . I was in island heaven.

Desserts were total home runs -- the melting hot chocolate souffle is mandatory for any chocolate lover. In fact, it tastes the same at every Roy's we've been to . . . it never disappoints. A total surprise . . . and a delightful one . . . was the chocolate coconut cheesecake which came with a side of mango sorbet . . . or did she say it was pineapple sorbet . . . whatever . . . it was the perfect accompaniment to the light and fluffy cheesecake.

We also ordered a bottle of Newton claret which was a modestly priced wine and as my husband said as he swirled and sipped it . . . ""I know my wines . . . "" Having to always be the exception, I ordered the he Original Hawaiian Martini, which was what I considered my dessert. It was a juicy combination of Maui pineapple, vodka and coconut rumMMMMM!

It was truly a beautiful evening from start to finish. You may be asking why I didn't give it five stars then if there were no misfires . . . that five star is reserved for Roy's Hawaiian restaurants that really do create the aloha experience with some special touches only that can only be enjoyed there!",review,8n--xRBQ9eLDi0vpQ5fGFQ,0,2,0
ZggSeoAXX2yYZnxbHcUaGQ,2011-10-05,08pbfOohGVEMe4GeZvY8Jw,4,Just recently drove by this Target. It was one of my favorites. Now it's closed!,review,c5JW3ZAFA6KTFipc8eBv9w,0,0,0
wN_wAXWg8W94v04eqijy6g,2012-02-18,Doyuw0djl829Rc1dsEoJKA,5,"Yes, the place is busy every time I go there, and it takes 20 minutes or so to get your order
Yes, the inside is cheesy and cheap with folding tables and could definitely use a makeover
Yes, the location is...ummm...well lets just say its a ""working class neighborhood""

BUT they've got the best fish tacos I've ever had, and everything on their Mexico City street food style menu is outstanding. The $1 tacos are ""mini-tacos"" so get 3 or 4 of them, a couple of fish tacos, maybe a side of rice and/or beans and you will be all set.

Go there. Just leave yourself plenty of time, it's well worth the wait.",review,dWMP2lpyhQTe028N0wAgKA,1,3,1
b9svM7RoDUAVnzjFBmf3Ow,2008-06-06,Po6VK2gjcw0PDSMOnDAyaA,5,"Food--The fire roasted garlic tomato soup is excellent.  They sprinkle tortilla chips for garnish over a tiny dollop of sour cream.  Mmmmm.  Yummy.  The mixed green salad with albacore tuna is also a delightful choice, as is the turkey wrap and CA Chicken sandwich with pesto mayo.  Drip coffee and espresso drinks are good, too.  Overall, everything tastes great because it's made fresh.  No pre-packaged items here.

Seating--Lots of booths and tables inside and out.  They have a cozy little set up with what looks to be 'lounge' chairs that accommodates 6 with swivel tables perfect, for savoring your beverage of choice.  The rest of the dining area looks like it has capacity for about 100 people, if all seats were filled despite a placard declaring the maximum capacity is '311'.

Peak times--avoid lunchtime during the weekdays.  It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM.  The lines are long and you can forget about getting back to work in under an hour if you factor in commute time, food prep & consumption.  IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.  The only time service has been 'fast' is during breakfast.  I've been there for a breakfast networking event and on a Saturday.  During these times, I received my order promptly and had little trouble locating a table.

Free stuff--this would include WiFi, bread samples with tasty spreads, muffin and/or cookie bits.  Bonus points for free stuff!

PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM.",review,9v8IyMk_S6eJujux1Cno7g,1,3,0
FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA,2011-05-23,KK01fqD9jDXQofPfgrTRgg,5,"Awesome! I highly recommend this place! Incredible atmosphere inside and out, the bar design is superb and the patio is the perfect spot for relaxing and enjoying drinks with friends. I went for the second time recently and have to give this place a stellar review. The menu is innovative and fresh! The mixed drinks are killer and the wine on tap was an extremely pleasant surprise. Plus, you can't beat their happy hour seven days a week! 

 I have had the crab cake BLT and the halibut sandwich, which were both out of this world! Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked amazing and I can't wait to go back and try all the others.  The servers were great and knowledgeable about their menu which is always a big plus! As a parent, I love that this place is a perfect day/night out spot for a date or hanging with friends but also a family oriented neighborhood joint where I can bring my kiddo along! Love that Churn is right next door to get some yummy dessert after an incredible meal!  The design is spot on for this area! Great job!",review,umk_6ysXhErEbSRaWTZn8Q,0,3,0
qyNtVViurIcChc35mfYIEw,2012-03-14,lA5gRAPA7EylIrLLxpohJQ,4,"Yumm!  Thai tea, spicy Thai beef salad, number 23a and a 32, all of it was delicious! I recommend this place. Just don't go in a hurry because you will be there a while",review,VwcyU7sYIAXjs2Lw-Alz4A,0,0,0
gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ,2011-09-13,m5MnJVA7pM4K2fffIBYRcg,2,"Can't remember the last time I was at a Hard Rock Cafe. This visit was only memorable for 1) Amanda Peachey's gorgeous face and voice 2) the jungle like humidity inside the place.

Our servers were attentive. Our drinks were frequently refilled. But it's just not as ""hard rock"" when it's so family friendly. It's a very small space, and being in downtown Phoenix on a Saturday night in summer, it was sparsely populated as well. 

Maybe I'm missing the point, but overpriced drinks and signed guitars on the walls do not bang my shutters.",review,wttePGxhTumTTUinL5tlTg,1,2,0
9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w,2011-01-18,HlodcyjNnVkBgOkubIaYxg,4,"The Breakfast Club is as good as you'll find. The blueberry pancakes are superb, their coffee is beyond description. For a change of pace, try their Eggs Benedict, Southwestern style. A GREAT spot within walking distance...a beauty.",review,lSmP-JwAHbtTZbxpV4OX3A,0,1,0
MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA,2011-08-05,tD3GV_P5RazwVeRcNgLhuA,5,Thomas was very welcoming and a great server/bartender. Came in close to close and still gave us ample time to enjoy our late night date. My lady and i's date night are few and far between so to be able to have a experience like tonight is very appreciated. Kudos Thomas and citizen!,review,PMCrTvBpGXOIep1zmHEjkg,0,1,0
m51fZnQueyj1q1Ra_yDQjQ,2010-07-13,AksbQqi1J1KYIlqJt8BETw,3,"Appears to be CLOSED.

Phone number not in service. Went by last week & was all locked up with a realtor sign on the building.",review,mmJzZPMT06-4jRhf5L8laQ,0,5,0
iZwSI8fB_xa8nPAkwqhJwg,2011-09-29,l2qDjHbVQ5CVREPcWA18Ww,5,"Dr. Ken Danyluk and his team offer an Extraordinary Orthodontic experience.  Team Orthodonitcs offers many Orthodontic soluitions for all ages.  Whether patients choose traditional braces, Invisalign or ""Hidden Brace"" lingual braces behind their teeth, they always leave happy!",review,-rC7cl8eCWNQGLzLDnoRQA,0,1,0
jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g,2011-02-11,nmVnlLomZGCu3i6bSMX46Q,4,"I really love it here.  There is a big window that looks into the kitchen where you can watch the noodle chef hand make the noodles for your dish.  My favorite is #17, Beef with lemon garlic noodles.  The beef is sliced thin and served cold.  The sauce is a fish sauce, the fish smell is pretty strong, but it doesn't taste strong, the citrus and garlic are more evident.  The only reason I'm not giving 4 stars is because the water taste really funny here.  Opt for a soda.",review,7iwFdxqqTYYnnesxA6iy5A,0,0,0
mwiNm868yAo8Xh8hO7Ke_Q,2011-12-28,jizjfpYrkhPBkpwx4b4WhQ,5,"Let's start by disclosing that I grew up in New Orleans, went to school in Lafayette (home of the Ragin Cajuns), and REALLY know good New Orleans/cajun food. I grew up eating great po-boys, gumbo, red beans, and wouldn't consider eating any of these if not well prepared. That said, I can truly say that Jennifer and the Flavors of Louisiana gang make cajun food as good as any you'll find in New Orleans--SERIOUSLY. The po-boys are spot on (though the bread could be a little crustier) and the chicken & andouille gumbo is even better than mine--and, I assure you, that's DAMN GOOD. Frankly, I've never had better. The only thing that is not ""as good as it gets"" is the red beans and rice. They're good, but not quite the creamy ""Washday Monday"" staple that I grew up on. My cajun grandmother has Jennifer beat on that one, but not by much. 

But, if you want a special treat and want to taste something that kills all, get a sausage po-boy. Hot sausage or smoked sausage po-boys are a New Orleans staple and my favorite po-boys of all. But, Jennifer blows them all away with her home-made andouille. Simply put, I've never had better sausage--ever. It's the reason her gumbo is soooo good and her po-boy the best ever.

I've eaten at Flavors many times, even though I live across town. Every time I go, I eat like a pig and bring some home to eat later. I have no affiliation with the restaurant, but wanted to post this as a review from someone who really knows New Orleans food and as a thank you to Jennifer and her crew for giving me a source for the best flavors in the World (not just Louisiana). As a matter of fact, I even overlook the fact that Jennifer is from Baton Rouge, instead of New Orleans or Lafayette and for not having any USL/UL Lafayette paraphernalia on the LSU/Saints wall. At least that is, so long as she keeps her promise to open another restaurant on the east side of town--that is, a lot closer to where I live.

If you want the ONLY good cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana. For me, it's just like a visit to any of my favorite po-boy shops in the old neighborhoods. It really is that good.",review,DueHdFSnn75LVHQmXM0x0A,1,4,0
01cEFI5Pq_RyEwM3GSTopQ,2012-09-23,y1vMRm5hml7AnilMCv6ivg,5,"great sports bar. TV's galore. Good food. Outside patio. While many places claim to be sports bars, for some reason they wind up not paying attention to the TV's and wind up with hair removal infomercials playing.

This place knows what they are doing with the tv's. I was watching the manager who looked like had a spreadsheet with every game planned out and on what tv's. They also play the sound from the premier game.",review,e74v9ab0-PgmiwBhdbj_XQ,0,1,0
GHYOl_cnERMOhkCK_mGAlA,2011-09-16,Turp8Fsio2UB0iCwXzjuYA,2,"Have been here several times prior, food is ok and service is mediocre at best. Sitting at the bar to eat and drink does not = fast, quality service. It equates to unattentive bartenders watching sports rather than clearing plates or pouring drinks. An empty pint should have another offered in its place, and napkins on plates are clear indicators that one is done! Fifteen minutes passed before plates were cleared!!! Service MUST improve!!!",review,PvZlZMua6J5h6IAXZ5kYzA,0,0,0
Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw,2010-03-08,mXs2Hpl595jprF_H-16vlQ,5,"Probably the best mall I've ever been to. Anchored by five mega stores - Nordstrom, Nieman Marcus, Macy's, Dillards and Barneys New York. It's so big, it took a couple of hours just to walk it.

My wife called it the best mall she's ever been too. Nuff said.",review,cTqjCINamOfIpUoLEzcczQ,0,0,0
NLwjvGh628IcuGGPpqirNg,2010-03-12,r1BRTbYj6E0hho0yd-Xt1Q,2,"When I bought my house a year ago, it came with a big, half-dead front lawn.  I decided to do a desert landscape out there instead, & called a number of landscape contractors I found here on Yelp & also at the Home & Garden Show at the fairgrounds.

I soon learned that this is an unprofessional industry overall.  I had several company representatives never return my call to set up an appointment to come over & do a survey.  I had others schedule an appointment & not show up.  I had others come & do the initial survey but never get back in touch with me with a price.  One guy I called said he would look at my yard on Google Earth & email me a survey.  (He never did, & I guess a $3500 job didn't make it worth his while to come over for a few minutes!)  I had a couple of others who got back in touch but with only a materials list.  I had asked for a sketch of what they would DO with my yard for all this money!  After probably more than a dozen tries, I finally had 3 legitimate, complete surveys in hand to decide between, & the price range only varied about $500.

One of my surveys was from Tom Baird at Creative Environments.  After the survey, he emailed me a materials list & a CAD drawing that gave me a good idea what my new yard would look like.  I liked it, so I went with them.  Next, though, my job got handed off to another company rep, David Inness.  David was likable, but the job ended up changing considerably from the agreement I had with Mr. Baird.  For instance, I was promised that a BobCat skip loader would be used to dredge down 4"" to remove the old grass before the new materials were applied.  That & other promises were not fulfilled.

On installation day, three workers (& no ""Foreman Chico"" whom I was promised would be here) came out to do the work.  They didn't remove the grass at all, but rather put down some black plastic material over about HALF (!) of the yard.  I complained, & one of the workers called Chico on his cell phone & handed it to me.  Chico explained to me that they weren't going to dig down, or put down any more plastic, unless I wanted to go to the hardware store & buy some more myself!  I tried to call David Inness, but he was unreachable.

The materials included a big pile of dirt & a big pile of gravel to be used for the job.  The workers hand shoveled the dirt to form the contoured mounds as planned, but then only applied a very thin coating of the gravel on top, leaving most of the big pile on the driveway, AND LEFT!  That was it, they told me, & that I could use the rest of the tons of gravel that I had bought in planters around the place, or if I wanted, they would have it picked up in a couple days!

After trying to call for a day or two, I finally reached David Inness, who got the workers to come back over & finish applying the gravel, which they did, but unevenly.  The gravel depth ended up being zero to 3"" deep.  I moved it around some myself to even it up, but I shouldn't have had to, & since I didn't get the dig-down preparation, the gravel was already skating out onto the surrounding driveway & sidewalk.  David had the workers now dig down a little around the edges, so that the top of the gravel would be down about an inch to stay put better.

This was the worst contractor experience I have ever had in my life.  The only thing saving it from a 1-Star rating is that the nice plan for the layout of the dirt & plants was followed, & the yard does look good now.  Of course I have a problem with grass coming up through the gravel, since it wasn't scooped out as promised.  (I attempted to kill it ahead of time with weed & grass killer as directed, but all my estimators told me you really need to do both.)

If I had it to do over, I would have gone with Michael at Breese Landscaping instead.",review,ikm0UCahtK34LbLCEw4YTw,3,7,2
8qrICL2tS2Rq7b5gxUdQwQ,2011-10-08,5H6qXUpaIsIlvWAKzCQbqg,4,"After work one night, I had a rediculous craving for some Thai Curry, so I remembered driving past this place and always seeing cars parked out front.  So, I thought, let's go there!  Glad I did!  I was a little freaked out when I pulled up @ 7PM, and there were no cars in the parking lot.  Then again, it is in Sun City, so their dinner rush ends @ 6, so it made sense.  I ordered the Yellow Curry with Rice and the Fish Patty with Cucumber Chili sauce as an appetizer.  Everything was so flavorful!  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Thai experience.  I did not give this a 5, only because I am still learning about Thai food.",review,64zr0ya6XxOYGZ4ao3WZ-Q,0,0,0
I4bSn5gXsHuSPu7L-d_8nQ,2012-03-27,WRjFmBN_zxtQz1JzMtrhaw,4,"Got the chance to go out with the wife and WITHOUT the child, so we decided to go here after reading about Beckett's Table in the paper.

A lot more casual than I was expecting, but not necessarily in a bad way; I just assumed that being voted into the top 5 restaurants in the city, the place would have a touch more snooty-factor.  Kinda like an upscale, family restaurant if that makes sense.

I started with the creamy grits and schreiner's sausage trio.  I have to say it was my first time for grits.  Solid dish, I may prefer polenta to grits, but this dish was done really well.  Wife went with the brussel sprouts.  Very tasty, but strange to see as an appy - thought it might be more of a side.  Seeing as they're not on the menu anymore, it doesn't matter.

Mains: I had the Short Ribs and my broad had the Cast Iron Chicken.  I was blown away with the short ribs - they were indeed fork tender, as I didn't lift my knife once for this plate.  Great flavourful mash with the red wine reduction.  Truly a great dish.  Wife's chicken was great as well.  Smoky, tender chicken with the incredible stuffing.

Bacon cheddar biscuits were ordered, but we had to take them home as we were both stuffed.  A little dry, but good the next day, however.

Service was rushed in the beginning, as our waiter asked how are meals were, but was gone before I could answer.  He was in the weeds though as it was hella busy for a while.  He made up for it later in the meal.

Dessert: wife had Nutella pudding and it was adequate. The coffee creme brule on the other hand was outstanding.  Thick and rich, and packed of caffeine.  Good finish.  Oh, and good cocktail menu too.

Will return.",review,8JyI7UXoXW_7XzbXwfpAUA,1,2,0
OesTe3GNqcnIk0ZGOhiM7A,2012-04-28,zSCxecTIDgIJBGchinOCCQ,3,"Friendly staff and clean office.
From what I have seen, somewhat frequent turnover with the Dr.'s I've had.
Right now I have Dr. Susman, she's concise, to the point, compassionate, easy to understand.

Oral surgeon Dr. Lillien does his job well, I got my wisdom teeth out without complications or infections later.
Healed up pretty well.

Scheduled out pretty far so difficult to get an appointment in if you have specific avail abilities.

Certain staff could use more training on procedure and techniques to expedite the process and minimize x-ray radiation time.

Julie is doing a breast cancer walk, so donate (personal check) and get teeth whitening kit for 99 dollars.

About staff:

Kendall is very friendly and professional.
Noreen seems like she could use more training (quite a few x-ray retakes with bite tabs), but she was friendly overall.
The process took a bit longer than I anticipated.

Suggestions:
Train the staff thoroughly, with technique and procedure so it can speed up customer service. especially with bite tab as well as the other kind (the red circular one). Customers like to minimize their radiation exposure time : )

Clean office and helpful reception staff. Dr. Susman was to the point and very clear about wahts going on and what to do next.


downfall:
Scheduling can be somewhat difficult if ppl have specific avail abilities but in general, reception staff is very helpful",review,I-P1v7sRjDLEfVOndp01kA,0,2,0
4A628qyYpA4EhN6w6o-MYQ,2007-02-28,L_P1kb1cJYLHt9GWuz2fhg,4,"How much is good pizza worth? Is it worth being subjugated by a tyrranical owner slinging expensive pizza? 

Maybe, but only if it's really good, which the pizza at Joe's happens to be. Decisions, decisions. 

It smacks of the soup nazi in its unfortunate contradiction. If the pizza weren't so delicious, this would be a quick and decisively negative review. Sadly, for me the reviewer, for me the consumer, it isn't that easy.

My suggestion is to go during the day, before Joe is embittered by partiers and the lunch special is readily available.",review,Ovpa3S8xD96dLE5eDxcxJg,2,1,2
7_zL7NX_rDFwhbLp98PwZg,2006-09-14,v6HDcM5gtcgd3GszQTiOKg,4,"Fun bar. Gets PACKED during happy hour, and on weekends after 9pm. Sometimes the music is a little too loud to hold a dinner conversation. But hey maybe I'm just getting old.

The sushi is CONSISTENTLY good, above average good. Yes, as other reviewers noted, you can find better. But no other sushi place I've been to in Arizona can consistently serve up good fish every time I come in.",review,FlQVCUaTh1Jd2Z9T039oKA,0,1,0
PN3aQAH-RONnK-ahkNm0xg,2012-10-31,jDbpIl98vhmHipZsRxB8rg,1,"My wife and I have going to this restaurant on Thursday night for past three months to have a beer and a slice.  A couple weeks ago I went there for the usual but there was an NFL game and a World series game on and the restaurant was busy.  I put my name in and waited for my wife and the table.  30 minutes went by and wife had not shown up and the table had just become available.  Hostess said I can't seat you unless your other party shows up first.  I called my wife, she cancelled.  Hostess would not seat me as a single...TERRIBLE..Hostess did not tell me this when I first put my name in.  WON'T BE GOING TO ANY OF THE ZIPPS EVER AGAIN.",review,wdJXFw8krKY6AXjjJ76qSw,0,0,0
RV9yiJmJNEpFv-CqgOo71w,2009-12-29,e8FpsGoc9qozmle_lhs5Sw,3,"Every time I visit my parents, I pass this place and see a long line of cars. Curiosity (and a good set of luggage my parents found here) finally convinced me to stop by. 

Well, it's a flea market. WYSIWYG. There's the good (nice luggage, some nice jewelry, some good foodstuffs), the bad (the same ""authentic"" Southwestern stuff you find in any gift shop from San Antonio to San Diego), and the ugly (several ""I [heart] Columbus"" Beanie Babies). 

I'll come back if I'm looking for something in particular (chiefly luggage or salsa) or want to get a souvenir for a relative I don't like very much.",review,9zp_JEmUScBI1lx9RuxGiA,2,2,1
X5j76x6F5RbbeqD6J51iqQ,2012-11-09,5xD9jYF-ApUiuEUGVbuZZw,5,"I have tried finding a spin class in Arizona that is of the intensity and variety that this studio offers.  Bar none.  The CoreBalance Studio has dedicated instructors that push you to your limit in an encouraging way.  The unique thing about this studio is they use the ""RealRider"" (or is it ""RealRyder""?) bikes that cause you to turn right and left to work your obliques.

Outstanding workout! I recommend it to everyone who wants to get into shape.",review,kp6CVuBi3m_3t-kRPKtIEw,0,2,0
QxpX4slDIOGFEHlPV4mrSw,2010-01-27,_xQr04YPWVgL1MlwEUHUyA,5,"This is another one of those restaurants I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp. San Diego Bay Restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping center on the main drag in Guadalupe.

It's taken me a long time to review this place. The first time I went was over two years ago and I've been back a few times.  I have to admit, I've never had better Mexican seafood. 

Unfortunately since it's been awhile, I've forgotten what I ordered. I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb. Each bite was like heaven. I left wanting to try everything on the menu. 

The servers always steered me towards great dishes with their recommendations and I've taken many people here, much to their delight. They've all raved about it.",review,FHJUj7EHB9nB2czVOzQX3Q,2,3,2
UIGFrEcoDsw05I1UOrxdOA,2008-05-24,bo_eoPn_Nixu0wF8HS41-Q,2,"I couldn't agree with David more.  The owner is definitley an interesting  person.  The more money she thinks you make, the more she will talk to and love you!  So tell her you are RICH!! (Sorry Didi C.) As for the food -  Ho hum VN food at high for what you get prices.  The Pho is very avg and double the usual price. They don't charge a corkage fee for  BYOB which is nice.",review,wfvmwhhadHfpM9UoTV0OMA,1,3,1
Zruvunhqw7cuyuoe7g09Gw,2011-11-23,OPGWwdPHofYIPx5izlGUXA,5,"Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen is a gem in the many pizza locations that can be found in the Phoenix area.  Picazzo's boasts a menu which includes appetizers, salads, organic and gluten-free pastas, and of course pizza and dessert!  One cannot go wrong with any of the categories of foods Picazzo's offers, but there are certainly favorites that can be ordered upon ones first visit.  

Picazzo's offers a casual yet sophisticated atmosphere upon entering their establishment.  One is greeted immediately by their hostess at the door and then you are seated promptly at one of their many tables (or the bar area if you prefer).  The atmosphere is roomy with their ample seating, and friendly upon entering.

One of their best appetizers is their Mama's Meat-za Balls ($9.50).  Made with three meatballs with mozzarella, artichoke hearts, organic tomato sauce, basil, and Parmesan, it is a savory appetizer that easy starts the meal off on the right foot. 

One can choose from one of their many pasta dishes or their pizza creations, or even create your own creation.  If going with one of their creations, I would recommend their ""Nonna's Favorite"" (gluten free) ($16.50, $21.00, $25.00).  This pizza is a delicious combination of organic olive oil and garlic, Fontina and mozzarella cheeses, mushrooms, tomatoes, goat cheese, Kalamata olives, and basil. Melts right in your mouth and one can easy eat more than one expected! 

If even after all of this you still crave something sweet - One cannot go wrong with electing their ""Classic Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie"" ($7.00).  This sinful combination includes two scoops of organic vanilla bean or coconut vanilla ice cream served with your choice of organic chocolate, chocolate mint, or chocolate raspberry sauce over a fresh-baked chocolate chip cookie.  Oh wondrous dessert indeed!

Picazzo's will leave you most satisfied and delighted with all that is good.  With the finest ingredients, Picazzo's takes great care in delivering the best in atmosphere and dish.  Stop by Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen today for an unforgettable meal.",review,JCfHBL4zGkPjtKVd9hS_Bw,0,1,0
xWlCgISVtozxCztPA4nGaQ,2011-01-31,zwopvGh5_9HZSbmA1ZG2eA,4,"This place was unique for me because everyone seemed like they were inside smoking but it was an indoor outdoorish place.  There were heated lights and it was the only place that I found pretty crowded where if you walked the streets there weren't a lot of people.  

The food was good, I had the steak fajita, which you can't go wrong because its just steak.  But I also had a fish taco which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had the pick three meal, so he picked tacos, chimichanga, and enchilada.  His choice was good and the chimichanga was delish.  

The bathrooms were very rustic looking but it seemed to look that way, decent for a funky place like that.

They had live music Friday night, where a guy was doing bad covers on a few good songs.

The waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there.

Overall I'd go back if I was in around Scottsdale again!",review,ngR1Y009kpsuqWRdlKp7hg,0,1,0
5KG0A3WlC7K3DAXtrIFFjg,2008-10-16,4KantXjpguK6eAmec9d2AA,5,"What can I say about this place? I love it. Its straight up the road from my place. You can find everything here, not just Asian food. When I get a hankering for Bombay spice, off to Lee Lee I go. I love LOVE their meat counter. I get chills deciding which pork hocks I want. The fish fry service is nice. They have stuff I can't live without and can't find anywhere else i.e. aloe vera juice and those sinfully delicious dessert rice and of course, the makoks. The cashiers can be a lil raunchy though just smile and nod. And a little known secret? The vegetables are freshest on Fridays.",review,sqLsoqm3lNxvfkOQ_wXucw,2,2,0
xtX2qS64zP2NRPV_7NNqHw,2009-12-28,9s1sRHS73n4SJc8t7uND4Q,4,"I needed to get away and Hyatt vacations was offering these rooms for a steal ($79 a night Xmas week!) so I decided to come here.  The grounds were absolutely beautiful.  Unfortunately they had a freak cold spell and I was unable to use the 10 pools, jacuzzi, waterslide, or any other outdoor facilities, but I did take a short walk around.  I also had a balcony looking out at the pools and the mountains, but unfortunately it was too cold to utilize that too.  The restaurants were too pricxey for me so I can't speak to those.  Parking is free at the hotel.  I did check out the Native American Education Center and thought that was a nice thing to have.  I never did make it to the spa unfortunately.  
Service was top notch: when I first arrived my key did not work and I stopped an engineer in the hall who got a new key sent up, and when I asked her where the ice machine was, she said I could call the bellman and he would bring some to me (I couldn't be that lazy, so I did go down the hall and get it myself).  The bathroom was stocked with Portico products (decent sized bottles) and had a ginormous shower with a rainfall head and a handheld jet.  I also appreciate the small light under the mirror which I could leave on at night rather than having to leave a larger light on.  There was a refrigerator in the room which I used to stock water and bubbly from the Safeway down the road (the hotel is very convenient to many restaurants and shops).  One of the best things was that the wake up call was a good old fashined person, not a machine, and she offered to call me back--gotta love a live snooze button! When I went to check out, the folio on the TV showed charges, so I called downstairs, explained I had prepaid the package, and the front desk people solved the issue very quickly to my satisfaction.  Also, they have machines by the front desk that allow you to check in and print your boarding pass.
My one complaint and why I did not give it a fifth star: charging for internet.  Seriously, in this day and age, that to me felt like it was nickling and diming the guests, many who pay a lot to stay at the resort.
For those who go to Scottsdale, I definitely recommend the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch (and check out the Hyatt Vacations website for some good deals).

UPDATE: I checked my cc bill three days later and they had double charged me after all, despite giving me a zeroed out receipt.  Poor form, Hyatt.  She credited back to me, but what if I hadn't noticed?",review,2_31RaL6kz0vRQX41g9iXw,3,4,0
t0NencbvVVlH6mcRlNTPcg,2010-12-23,ndSwfewtSaTTjXNm2wR71Q,1,"I was excited to go to the lululemon athletica at Scottsdale Quarter because I really enjoyed shopping at the previous store that closed in Scottsdale. Well something has changed... I walked into the store and while there were more sales clerks than customers, no one said a word to me and no one asked if I needed any help. They were all too busy talking with one another. And to add insult to to injury... one clerk had to walk around me (didn't ask if I needed help) and went to play with one of the customers dogs.... I had fully intended to buy a Christmas gift there, but left because the service was so poor and I did need help with the sizing.   I went over to the Nike store and had a totally different experience, very positive.  I'll stick with Lucy and Nike where they appreciate their customers.",review,jwSTtW_q8PULge2dK1t_Lg,0,3,0
WM8sy8FjrU3PpxN_NI02ZA,2008-07-09,dMBZ3Cklh4T6BMNhN4VLGw,1,"It saddens me to say that this isn't the worst Mexican restaurant we've eaten at, that's on Oahu near Waikiki beach, but it's close. 

 Damn it we had to drive by Arriba's to get to this place. 

  I had a chimichanga that was a little anemic, though what there was of the filling was ok,  beans  tasteless, rice looked the part but as spicy as your average UK meal involving boiled meat and root vegetables.

 Erin's Fajita salad was similarly lack luster  with  all the appearance of being tasty yet   bland chicken. Usually, unless there's an attempt at ""chefing"" as opposed to cooking  I'll order a basic dish ( I don't shoot the chef though  and trust me these guys are safe from Agent Sands , very safe)  for the first time out  and if the beans/rice suck.. no return.

Overall It feels like aliens, space ones, are running the place and they learned cooking from pictures.  It's certainly a mistake we won't be repeating.",review,N3L6SDymSRkYQtTiSDmXSg,1,2,2
UtUXhKh7vOVvWJF48IzJvQ,2009-11-24,2D-wwYsCXuzku_9m06XOsQ,2,"Went here about two months ago and am only now getting around to reviewing it. I think that should stand for something in terms of my experience there.

The service was ridiculous. If one is going to charge the prices they charge for regular Americanized asian food... at LEAST make sure the menus you hand people are clean. Or your plates for that matter. Or silverware. Seriously! Did EVERYTHING have to be covered in grit or a mysterious sticky substance?

Next up... the menu. Not everyone eats meat. How about a little more choices for us who prefer tofu over dead animal?

I ordered the Coconut Curry Vegetables. Bland bland bland. I've had more flavor out of an unseasoned packet of ramen. And would it kill them to actually put some tofu on the plate?

I guess I just don't understand the hype. The prices are ridiculous for the quality received. You're better off going to some little hole in the wall place where the food actually tastes like food and not reheated leftovers.",review,03kllIN9ASWGmecQPLPqZA,0,0,0
OPKUjv6D5G46Lh2BHP20fA,2012-11-25,gSy1gUfzzjPl7dG6PLy-EA,5,"We were in AZ visiting out for Thanksgiving and really wanted so go AZ mexican food but had to go to a place with a full bar for some Margaritas.  This place came up on Yelp and looked interesting so we figured we would give it a try.  The food was pretty good.  My son had a cheese crisp, wife had beef enchiladas and a chicken taco, Mother-in-law had pork tamales, and I had the beef green chile.  They gave us to big baskets of chips and salsa (which we eat too much of!).  Everything was pretty good, but the margaritas were really good.  I always try the house first time I go someplace since I think it is a good judge of how good a place is and theirs did not disappoint.  I think they should advertise them more because they are so good.  Very fresh tasting!  Next time we go back to AZ we will definitely visit again.",review,Tf8KjdTkI5XpCSWLVF9ytA,0,0,0
FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA,2012-10-04,mJ9ufgheE0JMrgfc9uoXVg,5,"This place is perfect! Great food, great service and friendly people. We will be back over and over again! We ordered a few different things on the menu and all were excellent (Stetson chopped salad, scallops, testosterone salad). Lovvvve it!",review,OMKl9Tg_z7v7QySoGJJVMQ,0,1,1
hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q,2011-09-01,eYEBECb94_2kOmA6MAywOQ,4,"I enjoyed this place. It was a nice change of pace. I'm really not into spicy food, but the food wasn't really spicy, although it had a nice kick to it. The place was a little small for my taste, but the food made up for it. The staff is very friendly and the prices were reasonable, compared to the huge servings of food. 

I went with a group. I had a blood orange mojito, and we shared some of their chicken, cornbread, creamed corn, steak, prawns, and the chipotle mashed potatoes.",review,7D6am_X5g_jcSwU6_mUivA,0,0,0
bc_nukU3dtZ6zGm4oXqeuA,2009-04-10,gzp-Yn7CasmFR1XVYUmpWA,2,"I'm pretty sure these bagels have never seen boiling water, and to be honest they reminded me of nothing so much as the tragic frozen failbagels of my childhood.  I guess our first warning should have been the exceptionally alarming ""CAPPUCCINO"" poster in the window, showing what appeared to be (coffee?) chocolate milkshakes with whipped cream and chocolate. :(

Two stars because it was, technically, an edible bagel, though my husband and I only managed to each finish half of ours.",review,ERjpvYJvL_36PwuliJwJ3Q,1,1,1
RtwOc-n_RkiUuDGaNfCsNw,2012-05-11,FoW_qBwD2eEoWYQyG7WcRg,4,"Four days and maybe seven hours ago, our hunger brought us forth to eat cheesesteak, to try a new restaurant, conceived in Philly, but dedicated to the proposition that not all cheesesteaks are created equal.

We shared a large chicken cheesesteak with everything (onions, bell peppers), and cheese wiz, along with some sweet potato fries.

The chicken cheesesteak came with a good amount of tender chicken, with a lot of flavor.  There is a free-range mini fridge that is stocked with sweet , hot peppers, and fry sauce which is nice so you can customize your order with as many or as little peppers as you want.  While the ingredients were good quality, the cheesesteak as a whole naturally doesn't really compare to any I've had in Philly, but it's good for Arizona!

The sweet potato fries were my favorite part of the meal.  They tasted freshly cut, and were excellently cooked with just the right amount of crunch while still tender and sweet inside.

So would our forefathers be impressed by Forefathers?  They probably wouldn't know what a cheesesteak would be, but if they tasted one, I would say they would be!",review,uZbTb-u-GVjTa2gtQfry5g,1,2,0
g-eZgnBDvSDguF8cUxKCkA,2009-12-15,AJ3OBkWvAzS8pm-Q1MUl7g,5,"I had a great dinner there.  One of my best in a long time.  It was sucha treat.  Once in a while you have to take care of yourself and just enjoy what life has to offer.  

Chef Juan was great to talk to.  Seems this guy has been there sinsr they broke ground.  

If you truely like yourself take a walk around the grounds after dinner and smoke a cigar at the big Fire Pit or over by the dock.

Life is good.",review,wYZpMnp2e2Np0zf89uFg-g,1,1,0
jtzhY-P4H6WSYpv5rWhxtw,2012-06-02,guEmPWK-7G-TA2k-MAcbLQ,4,"It's rare that I have a date with my husband on a Monday afternoon/evening, but this past Memorial Day, we did just that.  After a quick visit to the Science Center (the Van Gogh alive exhibit is a must-see by the way), we were hungry so we headed over to Rice Paper.  Neither of us had ever been before, and we were pleased with our experience.

It was a tad bit too hot to sit outside, although they do have a covered patio with misters.  We walked in and were seated and greeted promptly by Al, our server.  He's quite the character.  He made us laugh quite a bit in addition to being attentive and making some recommendations.  We enjoyed the stylish renovated house / hip colorful atmosphere as well.

We ended up ordering a few things and sharing.  Highlights included the firecracker shrimp. a spider roll, a shrimp roll, and a zen salad.  Everything was light and tasted fresh.  We really enjoyed the dipping sauces that came with the spring rolls.  They've got such a huge selection of the spring rolls, that I can't wait to return to try some of the others.  They don't have a huge selection of Vietnamese entrees, but it appears that they will custom create a bit upon request.

I highly recommend going for the ""food happy hour.""  It's from 3pm - 6:30pm and includes $6 appetizers & $1 off all spring rolls.  Such a deal!  We didn't take advantage of it, but the ""drinks happy hour"" is actually 11am - 6:30pm and specialty drinks are $6, house wine by the glass is $5, well drinks are $4, and draft beer is just $2.75.

If only Rice Paper was a tad bit closer to home, I could see myself being a regular... Instead, I'll keep it high on my list of spots to return to when I find myself heading downtown!",review,fczQCSmaWF78toLEmb0Zsw,7,4,2
puFrm8eNizztqaWr_e32pQ,2011-05-20,H2zAqv3nmj51R2C4k4U3Mg,5,Love it! Closest thing in Tempe to the food we actually had in Thailand.,review,WA1cLGGfTyj6bCgfP9mf2Q,1,1,0
UexMw8s7B1J-RtFOQtCCsQ,2011-04-19,E5ni1eW_mqcHrIfpMwrlmA,4,"Recently ate at Macaroni Grill at Desert Ridge, went with friends and drank wine and ate light, just grilled veggie platter with rosemary bread. It was so delicious. The veggies were grilled perfectly, very flavorful, the bread was perfect dipped in olive oil with pepper. We drank the family wine which is the house Chianti you pour yourself. Had a perfect evening, stayed almost 3 hours. Service was excellent!",review,6r-WELTsUsWe77AEBdVG3A,0,1,0
IceZ4BtTz76eppjNWm-c6A,2010-10-11,JVoPK0aYG7KSOVzIJ5PfMw,4,"This is an outer arts district staple in the Valley. The neighborhood is spooky if you don't know the area, but it is worth the possibility of having your car vandalized to stop in. Great live performances, mellow guitar, etc. and fantastic food. Hummus plate, Mm. Greek salad, yum. Cheesecake, yes please. The service is European style so expect to wait and wait some more. Seat yourself inside or out on the lovely patio.

Across from a fun locally-owned boutique you can stop by if you're there earlier in the day. 

I stocked up on the 70% off gift certificates for this little gem of a place at: http://www.citydeals.com/deals-merchant-Paisley-Violin-Cafe-Phoenix-AZ-LOC41462852.html?id=2852

You can thank me later. I'll probably be at the table next to you.",review,aRgTBYbG-eZipFRIipGlrA,0,0,0
b5cEoKR8iQliq-yT2_O0LQ,2012-07-05,SqxwrURoVC6fbodSIIw3BQ,5,"Love this place !

Food is spicy and always cooked just right.  Menu changes every so often and have nightly specials too.  Service is great.  No matter what night you go it is busy.

it is a great little find.",review,pOim-Tccfc6Aw0ynGdPmYw,0,1,0
V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ,2010-09-13,FgjKa1m9xEqClca2I6V3mQ,5,"Cibo! Cibo! Cibo!  I love you and your cute old farm house, your amazing pizza, affordable wine, awesome crepe desserts, and fabulous staff!

I want to live in the apartment above the restaurant!! 

Go to Cibo for awesome food, charming atmosphere, and a great time for a girls night or on a date.  Cibo has quickly become my favorite place in Phoenix! 

*They're closed on Sundays...found this out the hard way.",review,Q96IRvil6RNgdLmGKuh81A,10,11,6
R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g,2008-06-08,jGWhZk2vi5wzdqSlcOk-dw,1,"La Grande Orange Grocery has a problem. It can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, and that makes the overall experience iffy. Is it a quick mart? A grocery store? A restaurant? A coffee shop? Unfortunately, it can't be all of them.

I love La Grande Orange Pizzeria, when there is table service, fun wait-staff, and delicious food. But during the day on the weekends, the Grocery is too busy and unorganized to tolerate. It is not set up for the crowd, they do a poor job of line management, and when there is a line to order, the rest of the Grocery is impossible to navigate. To top it off, the counter staff shouts at you when your food is ready. Unnecessary.

I'll certainly be back at night for the pizza, the delicious wings, and to partake of the best gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm afraid that I won't be back for the weekend chaos.",review,3yc5JeWwQVhjx22Lx6OQ0Q,2,5,0
U1Xat7TmxO7Umk2iyhsa0A,2011-08-16,-pwv5EDTQOHQr6SiLSedcw,3,Pool supplies next to Quiznos Subs!,review,0mqHhdKEdak_A1FBhFNXqA,0,0,0
6nH0DLfofTytTeZJSkprgw,2012-04-29,klP9dr23QB7nsJS48HJTaQ,4,"A very inconspicuous  coffee shop located right below Elizabeth Arden's Red Door Spa. 

They have a couple of pastries but just ordered an iced coffee for $3.00. It was a bit ''watery'' for my taste but on a hot afternoon, it hit the spot. 

Wish they had sugar water to flavor it but didn't see it available.",review,chI2p-ROg2tXI2-tT2_G2A,0,1,0
7XulXhz9PN2ctxtv0B0b7Q,2012-05-17,F1MDo7oyKx9_32fkTiwFEQ,1,I found Gaylee to be the most unprofessional nail tech.  I found her on an internet deal.  I called her on Sat and requested an apt on the following Friday.  She never returned my call till I reported her.  She denied my 5 messages and said she only got one msg which she couldn't return cause she lost her voice.  She conveniently had a voice after she was investigated.  I would never trust her to do my nails.  Yet reading the reviews she did return some calls.,review,0F2cVoPyMrzsqIyv_spDFg,0,0,0
sbD4f8aOsXZ6PJYh1kN4Ag,2011-03-04,L285u6cNVPxVobRiAGTgIg,4,"If your going to see the Phoenix Coyotes at Jobing.com arena.....or the Arizona Cardinals at the University of Phoenix stadium....then you you can't really miss the experience that is the Westgate City Center. Now it is not a spectacular mall by any means...and the parking is a bit confusing...but it does have it's own flair and style. During the summer months it is the perfect place to go after a game or event at the stadiums...because you can grab some dinner....a drink...take a nice walk....or just hang out and watch the stars in the beautiful skies over Glendale Arizona.  The best part about all of this along with the close proximity to the stadiums.....is the parking is FREE....can't beat that. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!",review,ky9pQ8AKufvZ63IxR41jGg,2,4,1
gsNv5QNfuFnD8eMhejSmGg,2011-11-14,TgehaXzkJHxD4isfJ_-lcQ,2,"The kids and I LOVE Starbucks but this one leaves a lot to be desired.. We have been here a hand full of time and each time I keep asking myself why do I go back to this one? 

The service there is almost rude. They seem as if they are annoyed to be busy. They never seem to be happy to service you. Drinks take forever to make, even though they aren't as busy as other ones are. We won't even go into the fact that my order has been messed up the last 2 times.

The main issue I have is the fact that 3 out of 5 times when sitting and relaxing with a snack, someone has to sweep the floor near me. Really? While I am sitting there?

There are much better Starbucks and I think I am going to try some others locally.


12/06 - The kids and I went in today for our ""snack"" wanted to say things were better today. I am not going to change my rating until after my next visit ;)",review,F66ALXcvZJcpGMbJ90zS8g,0,0,0
z1SUerxBQY9EgLaiRf_QDQ,2012-10-11,dJEpptp4oy-naFdEn7_hgA,5,"Thanks for the positive reinforcement talk, and explaining, I just need to take my time. Thanks Robin, you encourage me,
I have been sick, and so has my family. I have missed the last couple of weeks and boy can I feel the difference. You know when miss something for a period of time?? Then you have to start all over, but that o.k.
Thank you again Jim and Robin for taking those few extra minutes to ask me how I am doing and how my kids are since I have been gone. Thanks so much for caring, weather its about my kids or my knees or the fact that I have a pain pump in my stomach and   have a hard time laying on my stomach, which Robin saw I was not putting full weight down on my stomach. She asked me after class what was going on and if I was O.K. She made me feel important and cared about. Where are you ever going to be working out and after class the teacher checks in with you, to make sure everything is alright. Jim and Robin Love this practice and so do I. I feel what makes them different is the caring aspect. The checking in with you. If you ever have a question, Jim and Robin will ALWAYS take the time answer questions or just see how you are doing!!! Thanks Jim and Robin! I will be back soon!!!! Thank you for being the best Bikram yoga around and thanks for just being non-judgmental, caring, and hopeful for everyone in the class to push harder and just do it the RIGHT way!!!! Love your studio, Love Robin and Jim as people!!!!!!! This is the perfect place to either start or to be challenged.
Thanks, Nicole Skarderud",review,iUl-ctdtKfCW2cXJri8tFA,0,0,0
qyNtVViurIcChc35mfYIEw,2009-09-22,yz_WHG25INZ69qaPg_VLVg,5,"My husband and I have been going to the Touch of Thai for years. We meet up there at least twice a month for a lunch date. On special occasions we take friends and family there for dinner. I love the wait staff - especially Nick! His wonderful sarcasm and jokes always make our day! 

For the amount of food you get at lunch at the price they charge - you can't beat it. Everything is homemade and tastes fresh. #3 Yellow Curry is my hubby's favorite. Rich coconut based sauce with yellow curry. The chicken is tender and the potatoes and carrots are cooked perfectly. I venture off and try things from time to time. The food is spicy. I like the incorporation of fresh herbs into the dishes. The soup served with lunch is always yummy and changes from time to time. We always get a side order of spring rolls. You need to try these! I like the Pad Thai as well as the #5 and #7 lunch specials. Meals are served fairly quickly. 

Sometimes we have to get up and refill our own water glasses however I find this to be a wee bit charming. Feels like I am home. If you go there on a regular basis the servers remember you, have your order into the kitchen before you even are seated, and always say hello and smile.",review,QT-7jpsEuCR-pFro59KBtQ,2,3,2
NCtzWkMbE13r2M2Sg0wH9w,2011-08-08,meUcBjICsw7rTfuk1-Ucmw,4,"Was not satisfied first trip, service was awful and place was deafening.  But we thought food was worth trying again.  So, now that the place has been open and matured it is much better.  Our sever was good, the place was about 1/2 empty which made the noise level much more bearable.
Food, very good.  Not chicago family run good, but for the valley very good.
I asked for my shrimp to be spicy and it was.  Hsb can't handle so hot and his curried duck was mild as requested.  The mustard wraps, unusual and tasty.  Hsb loved the peanut sauce.  Chicken and lemongrass salad, good flavors.  We will be back.",review,L3-csFTxPRnG9eVIYoVoGA,0,0,0
PsuvqWNmLBU8ABkch2d9vA,2010-04-11,OJIDOnY4HTKEdREfs0xP4Q,4,"Honestly I go here rarely.  My recent visit was to watch my godson while his parents were doing family picture photo shoot in the Chinese gardens and pond areas.  You can walk the whole cultural center and its gardens in 10 minutes, so there isn't alot of sightseeing here.  But to get a little glimpse of some replica gardens and seating structures from China, where else to go?  So 4 stars for the somewhat idyllic gardens in back behind the shopping plaza, cuz there isn't any other place in the valley like it.",review,xdWsnbaTEfBMVHttqZDHxg,0,2,0
7_7fxuG9ESAFmx-AiMsJHg,2009-05-03,pbt8kaTVBcBWsbR4AWiX_g,4,"Pretty cool place that appeals to 2 very different crowds. 

My friends and I stayed downstairs for the majority of the night. The hip hop music was pretty good and the DJ had a excellent music selection. The bartenders were very friendly, except for one of the blonde girls. When I put my empty beer bottle on the bar, she took it and I raised my hand to say ""thank you"" for taking it. Then she came back with another beer that I didn't order, and I think she got a little pissed because she misunderstood me. At the end of the night, I asked for some water and she only gave me a bottle instead of just a cup of tap water and charged me $2. Don't be a hater lady!!

GET A SHOT OF CAFE PATRON!!! If you like coffee and patron, it's literally the best of both worlds. And, to top it all off, they are only $3 A SHOT!! Very reasonably priced. I had 3 within a span of an hour (I'm a heavyweight so I wouldn't recommend that for everyone!)

Upstairs, they have techno/house music and it's packed like no other. The people are really cool though. They have friendly battles and it's pretty cool to just watch them for about 10 minutes. Depending on your scene, you can pick either floor.",review,EOlGkRn-83UnF7634dOUKw,2,2,0
Zy2vca7i9QFGRKa4m0C__A,2011-01-10,oL1gZrDnDfFrLl2EudOXOA,5,Pho-k yeah .......and the spring rolls too ........,review,uVywgLchTCdLmlMV7yaWOg,0,0,0
DcrM4hwDcU2G6vuh2cnaYQ,2012-05-25,tT47mzzTOUDEVLeYCZa3ow,1,"Tonight at Noca Phoenix
No dinner -waited 1.5 hours with no communication only to be told they were out of the fish I ordered left the restaurant 2 hrs later very hungry   Very 
disappointing",review,Wuh0Tdv8WGpDwbu0ICOWpA,0,2,1
uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ,2010-05-09,hIp0LojvxVFyNwNJZn_Qzw,5,"I love Sapporo.  They have reasonable prices, a big menu, great music always playing, entertainment (people watching), etc...

Their sushi is very good.  They have fun drinks.  

If you make a reservation for dinner you usually don't have to wait.

P.S.  They have amazing deals for happy hour, but get there early cause it gets packed!!",review,rC11FhTVhZsC4KXHvXelQg,0,1,0
U7jOpLoLXYphWFqS6JO8mQ,2012-04-16,CibTKYSXgA8wCzKBSqZmkg,1,Won't be going there again. Our chicken was pink! Manager was a prick in regards to that and service was all around crappy.,review,Li5WZKEP243vOoQeP0ftiQ,0,0,0
RmpxrudpbCPmEnt4jSlpnA,2012-08-19,cdSp_2zKL6FaMIqa11yl9g,4,"I stayed here with my family (3 people in 1 room) for 3 nights.  What first attracted us was the rate, but what made us happy with the choice was the cleanliness, coolness (literally--good air conditioning), and accessibility of the hotel.  It's wheelchair accessible.  The best part of the hotel is the staff.  The front desk team was incredibly helpful--much more so than you typically see at a chain hotel--and they gave us regular maps/handouts as well as printouts that were tailored individually for our needs.  Even more astounding, though, was the cleanliness of the room: the staff cleaned the room so well after our first night that when we returned on day two, it looked like we had just walked into the room for the first time.  (In my experience, most hotels do a better clean-up job in between guest stays rather than do a good job every single day, but these folks are the exception.)

Reasonable, hot breakfast.  Eggs, swine, cereals, pastries, juice, milk, coffee, fruit, yogurt...  You've had it a million times, but they do it just fine.

The definition of 4 stars is ""Yay!  I'm a fan.""  And that's true.  Didn't give it 5 stars because it's not ""Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"" to me--mostly a product of the location and lack of distinctiveness as a hotel experience--I would only give 5 stars to an excellent ""destination hotel,"" and that's not this place.",review,PUpoXVAuLunyXX-oZB23uA,0,0,0
V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ,2011-11-21,3CXTmARnSNbnvMv-Tf903g,4,"I'm from New York, so you can bet the firs thing I asked everyone when I moved to Phoenix was ""where should I get some good pizza?""  Everyone responded ""Pizzeria Bianco!,"" but a few wise ones told me to avoid the crazy wait and check out Cibo.  Still haven't made it to Bianco, but why bother?  I've been to Cibo 3 times in the past few months and wouldn't have it any other way.

The service has always been spectacular.  There's a good selection of beer and wine, and an almost impossible-to-choose-from selection of pizzas.  We're not talking New York thin-slice sauce-and-cheese, we're talking locally sourced ingredients and artful combination.  Perfect crust topped with the perfect combination of delicious meats, cheeses, and veggies galore.

Your least favorite part of the meal will definitely be trying to pronounce the names of the pizzas.  Your favorite part of the meal might be the pizza, or it might be the ambiance (hard to decide between the cozy outside with live music and fire pit or the quaint inside that boasts everything downtown Phoenix is good at).  

Go with a group of friends and stay a while.",review,BiDA7uVJ5igMCsp4ZfpCpQ,0,0,0
1-1VcGTL3GyCqUpXZLFTZA,2009-07-26,yBOzJp7G-yWzzunrdGJapg,3,"I stumbled upon this Friday's while walking around Phoenix on a Sunday afternoon.  I wanted to just go up and have a drink and then take some pictures of the empty baseball field.  Phoenix was completely empty!

When I got closer to Chase Field there were some more people and I realized that there was a game going on!  I didn't think I would be able to get into Friday's because of the game; however, it wasn't very busy!  I sat at the bar since I was by myself.  But once I was there awhile, I noticed there were still tables open looking out into the ballpark.  So basically you get to watch the game for free as long as you are ordering stuff.  I thought that was pretty cool.

As for the food/drink...
I ordered a daiquiri when I sat down.  It was pretty bad.  Almost too slushy.  I looked through the menu and asked if they had any smaller portions or lunch portion.  I was told that since it was a game day they have a different menu and everything is larger.  So I didn't order any food.

The service was good.  The waiter was nice and another waitress named Kimmy even came up and talked to me for a little while.  I'd definitely come here again just for the view.",review,UL9chyH0a4Pj8J_9M6WSpA,1,1,0
bA-Cj6N9TEMlDlOh2aAnUw,2011-11-19,E1XMtLsow47LmvrqCHJRNg,1,"Having a miserable experience flying from Boston to Reno. My connection was in Phoenix, and the flight from Boston was running a bit late. I asked both of the flight attendants if it would be possible to deplane before the other passengers as I had a very tight connection to make. One actually laughed at me and told me I would be fine. 12 hours, a horrible nights sleep (as they did not offer me hotel accommodations) and two delicious airport meals later I am sitting in the terminal waiting for my flight from Phoenix to Reno to board. Sorry buddy, not really fine. I missed my flight by 5 minutes. I would have been fine if US Airways offered their customers with tight connections the opportunity to deplane first, as every other airline I have flown on does. Will avoid them at ALL costs!",review,QOr2VtUFGZXJTxhvH5VhXg,0,1,0
UI8iKvzhGn2qZCGIqtQqrQ,2011-03-26,2pWGiV-hB0fh3DoW7jgHTQ,4,"went here for breakfast with some friends. it was pretty busy and only had to wait maybe 10-15 mins to be seated. not too bad. quick service, we had coffee almost immediately. 

the food was delicious. standard breakfast food in my opinion. i got the corn beef hash meal. everything was good, and cooked the way i like. i would definitely come back here if i was in the area!",review,edNdxDyzMiZCHEBMbo8H4Q,1,0,0
3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ,2012-06-23,kknuhnM3NM3XwcY7NRJR-Q,5,"Celebrated my anniversary here. Everything was amazing. Enjoyed the filet mignon and the lobster with prawns. Luis was our server and made our experience truly amazing. He made everything perfect. He gave us our space, but at the same time entertained us when appropriate. He recommended a great wine to pair with the lobster, and made sure we were well taken care. We capped our meal off with creme brulee and a dessert wine. We will definitely come back here and ask for Luis again.",review,9GHSDxMZMQ_nbnI2xS4AjA,0,1,0
7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw,2011-12-06,K5oanAKRhQ4IfvE_K6kfCA,4,"We had a great lunch and enjoyed our visit tremendously. Of special note though was the help I got from one of the guys on giving me some directions to Florance via the ""adventure  route"", It was very nice of him to spend this time with me. Thanks for the great service. If you vist juisit make sure to take time on the patio and enjoy",review,1kbCpvI2Rg2SrvqNHX2BQw,0,0,0
JuBygU4XDjqSeW9okyvbsQ,2011-02-21,QHqYjvqvtn7Zh9bgvNYxtw,4,"Rare find in the East Valley! 
Cute Cupcakes and the place definitely has character!

I ate a coconut cupcake with sprinkled coconut and glitter on top. I only bought one cupcake and took it hope to share with my 3 roommates. It made me wish I had more cupcakes to share with the rest of them! We took our forks and gulped it down. 

The pink frosting was delicious and melted right in our mouth. The cupcake itself was very rich and moist. They must have substituted milk for the water while baking it, I could tell, so moist and mouth watering. 

I will be coming back here to eat for breakfast and lunch. Its a great place to study.",review,SNH5L8QZ4kT9unURQUrYow,3,4,2
XU5Fb3TosXDUJcNRWQM5cA,2012-06-28,s2cybrOvOqRqhD1MCSlw2w,5,"Very small, but wonderful food and wine. Some of the staff mentioned that they worked previously at Bomberos Cafe & Wine Bar (now Timo's Wine Bar).

The concept of this place is killer.",review,F3IAjFGRh5cBSS5es3CgCQ,0,1,0
GOlq9CGj4APl_S2jyhMr1g,2007-07-28,EqW0Vvu8B8LaIXJQduQeSw,5,"The Harkins Camelview 5 gives Arizonans the unique opportunity to see movies that are normally reserved for screens in NY and CA. Without this theater there would be very little chance to see independent or foreign films in Phoenix. I give a lot of credit to Dan Harkins for keeping this theater open. He certainly can't  make much money at this location. It's financially  impractical to keep such a small theater operating on such prime real estate. This just shows Dan Harkin's commitment to sharing great films with the people of AZ. 

Thanks Dan!",review,g84VjttN28PWiv_WtdhnSQ,6,7,1
oqZPXoenkQvAKQJ2pDCo0A,2010-12-01,IaJB0iSUO4FYm-Uz7GmZvg,4,"Burritooooooo lunch special!!!!! awesome, tons of chips and salsa",review,AMB8rfw34dGm_q2MfaTkcw,0,0,0
9DsXB8T3UwBYiLPiLJJuNQ,2011-07-18,KRhGjSsM20Yj_gDxV5EhlA,4,"If you want a good neighborhood bar, Ernie's is exactly that. This is the place I go when I'm not looking to get all dolled up but I still want to go out. There is nothing unique about it, it is just a bar that is good at being a bar. It also has all of the best activities for drinking. 

I LOVE shuffleboard and a dive-bar is not a dive-bar without it. Great thing about theirs is it is in the patio area so you can smoke while playing (I smoke when I drink, yes filthy, disgusting habit I'm aware) ...sometimes they charge like five bucks for the pucks other times not, depends on the bartender I think. 
They also have two pool tables, and I think golden tee. 
Their is a room that has karaoke. I am a singer and enjoy karaoke from time to time, the night I participated there were some amazing singers and it was really fun to listen to everyone. The karaoke DJ. has a really good selection of songs, lots to choose from you will probably find what you are looking for. 
I tend to get hit on every time I'm there which I guess is an ego boost but I would prefer to be left alone at a place like this. I'm usually in the mood to do my own thing with my own friends at a place like this and don't feel like making new friends but that's just me. 

Not sure about their drink selection, I always just get Michelob Ultra (lame I know) or cranberry/vodka...the mixed drinks are strong, their well is gross though but to be expected. 

Always a good laid back time at Ernies. They can count on me as a regular.",review,vp1LUMkedWATnFeVFteASg,1,1,1
O510Re68mOy9dU490JTKCg,2010-06-26,dbCgw1pJ6yLOYo7LexBpYA,4,"I unashamedly adore this place.  And it's not b/c I spend gobs of money here... it is b/c I don't have to drive and zig zag all over the Valley to sample (and decide if I like) many of our infamous local food offerings...

Essence's macaroons from Tempe, Tammie Coe cupcakes and MJ's breads (what I always look fwd to) from CenPho, growing selecting of gelatos from all the places you read about... it's a one stop sample shop (ok, you pay for it), and a place I always hit when I'm up in N. Scottsdale.

The $5 cheese boxes are great, a mini variety of 3 cheese in their to-go section is a great way to try new cheeses w/out risk.",review,xdWsnbaTEfBMVHttqZDHxg,1,1,0
NLVcGseUhgQdABs1mIYk8g,2011-05-13,UCDcNMleHjT8iC7fgQq78Q,4,"Good, quick option in downtown phoenix. We dined here before a Suns game and we got in and out with great service and delicious food in under 45 minutes. The Pho was very good, as was the noodle dish I ordered.",review,3eit3w0zDbb-z57c9P60vg,0,0,0
O4jXtRnS_R9SyM7ckMhFmg,2006-12-10,UJGo_fgwI_hgctJUkGolSg,4,"It was a busy bustling little town perched atop a small hill between the mighty Superstition Mountains to the east and the Goldfield Mountains to the west.
   The first gold-strike was made in 1892, and it took just a little under a year before the town came to life. One rich strike after another supported the town and approximately 4000 people who lived in the district for five rich years.
   The town boasted 3 saloons, a boarding house, general store, blacksmith shop, brewery, meat market and a school house. Just when it looked like the town would outgrow Mesa, the vein faulted, the grade of ore dropped and the town died a slow painful death. After several unsuccessful attempts to reopen the mines, the town did come to life again from 1910 on and off until 1926.",review,nBWpiVYE1tA-KwD3FUTklA,2,2,0
IMGW6y8wHQCfr_6k-YXg_A,2011-12-28,aqWGYrBWyX0wJs8yhhgXBw,4,"While I am not usually a fan of corporate restaurants and brewpubs, BJ's in Chandler is an exception to the rule. The beer is fresh as it is brewed on site and they usually have a couple of offerings that set them apart from the main street amber ale brewpub crowd. The best deal is the all you can eat soup and salad at lunch for around $8.00. Food is above average pub food and the pizzas are a ok. They also make root beer for the kids.",review,b2DKC4kC8-QeSeGZ_MF3XQ,0,0,0
e8FMAuTswDueAlLsNyLhcA,2011-03-25,jDxrMKFG09JCmTQoAYg1mw,3,"Traveling sure makes me hungry! After a long flight from Chicago I was just about to break into my 3rd bag of pop chips when it was time for lunch. Hooray!

I joined the infamous Lindsey F and Gabi M for lunch here at Daily Dose. When we walked in Gabi told me it was a 3 star restaurant. I wasn't sure why we were eating at a 3 star restaurant when surrounded by so many fabulous dining establishments, but any food would do.

We were able to grab a table immediately, the menu is pretty extensive and our waitress was friendly. But yep..3 stars. My rock shrimp tacos sure beat another bag of pop chips, but weren't anything special.  And the friendly waitress forgot about our hummus appetizer.

If I was in the area I wouldn't hesitate to grab a quick bite or drink here, but nothing here to hop on a plane back to Phoenix.",review,ARe8Nr_YehB2ubsGJhZ-hg,4,3,3
BPi1Q5wX0_o5VlO_XRyYuQ,2012-04-24,aT3CxLvtslU3c7cSlLU54Q,3,"Food is good. Don't take kids though.
Kids pasta was $7 with no accompaniments.",review,DMmskLAvRS4wZDQhXRL0Qg,0,3,1
oXKPSI-RUqOvmuSCh_DEQQ,2011-04-04,KJB4mpxZ3W0oxtNzYOQzag,5,"Excellent place for a nice dinner, A classy place to bring friends for cocktails and food",review,lJkAh61J1180sPmdt4OK4A,0,1,0
EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg,2011-07-07,XWqn08mwWUVGpY69iW_j1g,3,"Decent upscale place in Tempe.  Great ambiance outdoors on the patio.  Service is very sketchy...sometime good, sometimes bad, never great.",review,OHkMbVbIeEQEGuFQZ36qDA,1,0,0
rLv5DPLnO67TCHIbbBWYPA,2012-03-15,LR50AbUcCHlfYCMhJW45Dw,1,"Went for lunch. Took over 30 min for food to arrive. Ordered chef salad. Made with processed turkey and ham. Also with processed cheese slices. childs choc milk was not mixed up. Kraft mac & cheese on kids menu. 
Won't come back again.",review,ItWQ-pBKzau5hg33tAxwRw,0,1,0
6Kon3cR5ZEm5rmYKlpcfcw,2011-05-06,Oh7UCF9eWZJlHuXHL1C4wQ,5,"I love the Valley Ho! It's a beautiful property with great rooms, a fantastic pool, an excellent restaurant -- Trader Vic's and a really nice spa. Be sure to stay in the newly re-modeled Loft Suite. It's two stories and it's fantastic! If I was to take a stay-cation, I would be sure to stay at the Valley Ho! And for all you out-of-towner's who want to stay in Old Town Scottsdale and be close to great shopping, restaurants, and nightclubs, the Valley Ho should be at the top of your list!",review,3am2PwtajoR3LIlP7XZtbA,0,1,0
qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w,2012-03-11,n3Ze46ehctKD0TGAOi1MIA,5,"Going to Desert Botanical Garden is the perfect field trip for a beautiful day like today... I've been to DBG a handful of times for events, exhibit openings, meetings, and of course Yelp In Bloom (a yelper party that I planned a couple of years ago)... but today I went with my son and we met some other friends with the sole purpose of checking out the butterfly exhibit.

We didn't get lucky enough to have a butterfly land on us, but we did see tons of gorgeous butterflies.  There were orange butterflies and yellow butterflies and striped butterflies, etc... The flowers in the pavillion are pretty to look at as well.  We visited the gift kiosk afterward and took home a butterfly finger puppet, which I know we will get tons of use from (only $6.25). The exhibit runs until May 13th, so don't miss it!

And if you do find yourself with more time while you're there, definitely check out the design for a living world exhibit as well... I saw that when it first opened and it was really cool.  The photography alone is worth a visit.

I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often!",review,fczQCSmaWF78toLEmb0Zsw,6,5,1
9AwAmDwjNX_WUuhSdYTKQg,2012-12-01,JTUUQNlYOgmgrQRthk-1qw,5,This place is awesome. Just bought a loose super powers darkseid. Will def be back for more. Lots of loose figures. Great prices and friendly staff.,review,y1pcDeo5NWpYOjGdAvr05g,0,1,0
bc-lE-wGVAsUrX-kJhtY-Q,2011-03-04,6EDA2uXRsuq2oCUfVZBO5A,5,"This place gets it right from the moment you walk in the door. Signed baseballs jerseys and bats by legends on the wall, a friendly host to greet you and when you sit down they ask if you want free chopped liver. It comes with bits of egg and onion, warm rye bread and bagel chips. 

Our waiter, Jeff, was friendly and attentive, even lending us his flashlight to read an old newspaper story in the rafters. The cream of mushroom soup made from scratch was superb. Our mains were baby back ribs, the specialty of the house, cooked perfectly with a flavorful sauce. The 'broasted' chicken was to die for: moist and juicy with a crispy outer skin. The fries were piping hot, as they should be. And the portions are beyond generous.

We topped it off with key lime pie, light and tasty, an ideal complement to the meaty mains. And the bill was under $60, an amazing deal. As a bonus, some of the players drop in during spring training.",review,e_UWyLsNM4SxEwpXm8rOSg,0,1,0
SNyxwFx8i20SoDlN4dBS4Q,2012-10-25,KCSKgCcREKeQoA9YIcxRXA,5,My family has been going to Dr. Brittan for 10 years.  He is an excellent dentist and can handle any situation you can throw at him.,review,zar2wOyyin0r3tbBGtqXKw,0,0,0
r3FHkf6lbmMUh3oPSrlIvw,2012-03-07,-iJ78sMZgqaFORMqVeguBA,3,I went there on March 7th in the late afternoon.  My friend ordered before me and got a burger meal.  AND THE POWER WENT OUT RIGHT AS I WAS ORDERING!!  My friend ordered about 5 minutes before me so I got to eat some of her steak fries....the were awesome!!  Other than that not much else to say.  Gotta try them again some time.  The Nutter Butter Shake looked full of calories but delicious.  Better luck next time!,review,C1kS98KgRKB08yflIEq7_A,0,0,0
GIGI8bJfN6HyPzmEW-QqjA,2011-04-03,NxwKxmedqHIwmXpgg7-VRA,3,"I have been to this restaurant several times.  I can say it has been better each time with the first time being absolutely terrible.  Why did I return?  Because I was with a friend who wanted to try it and I couldn't believe it would be so bad the second time.  It was a bit better and most recently it was good.  The hostess initially was very ""French"" in that she was affected and snooty and yes, a young American woman.  Initially we had a very bad experience with a fire alarm that continually went off, the staff didn't apologize and did not comp us anything.  Other diners just left without paying or waiting for their meal.  It has since been better, but I certainly am reluctant to return.  There are many other restaurants from which to chose!",review,1JzbzyIYQ0wi5KXU3tNnfA,0,0,0
AhpzPZH3b0PGT9mVoLCQDg,2010-08-15,rPi2foQmJJ9GBFZKA5JgTw,3,"Yelpers prove to be right yet again with the average 3 stars on this one... 

I was craving sushi and had a hot date with my sister-in-law last night to do dinner and a movie... It just so happened that Eat Pray Love was playing at the Tempe Marketplace Harkins Theater, so we decided to meet at Kabuki before the movie.  

I walked in first and asked how long the wait was for two... I as told 10 or 15 minutes.  Not so bad... so I decided to wait.  I walked outside and met up with my Alexa and we came back in about ten minutes later... As we did so, two other women came in and I saw that they were seated right away.  I looked at Alexa, looked up at the hostess stand, was thinking (WTF), and then went and asked nicely where we were on the list.  

""There are two tables before you,"" I was told.  ""It will likely be another ten minutes or so."" 

At that, I responded, ""is there another option, perhaps sushi bar, that I don't know about?""

And alas, there sure was... (they neglected to give me that option when I originally checked-in).  We were seated at the sushi bar at that moment and went on to have a very underwhelming meal.  Here's why:

-While the large portion cucumber salads we ordered were extremely tasty, the cucumbers were cut lengthwise in such a way that it was difficult to eat.  I prefer cucumbers diced in smaller pieces so they are easier to eat!

-Service - our waiter wasn't the friendliest... I felt kind of rushed by him when we were there.  Additionally, since we were seated in the middle of the sushi bar, all of the wait staff would reach over us to pick up the sushi for their tables, which was very distracting while we were eating!  Perhaps they could've moved the sushi ready for pick-up to the side of the sushi bar to avoid distracting guests in the future?

-The sushi itself was good; not amazing.  We had a Sunset roll, a Lotus roll, a Large roll, and an order of Ikura.  I didn't realize the Lotus roll was going to have a ton of mayo along with the baked Lobster that came on top of it... it was a bit on the creamy side for my liking.

-To top things off, when the bill came, they overcharged us... a simple mistake, but given our experience, it was just one more negative thing... and then when I pointed it out, I barely got an apology at all.

With so many other restaurants to choose from in the Tempe Marketplace, I am not sure I'll return to Kabuki.  If I do, however, I will wait for a regular table!",review,fczQCSmaWF78toLEmb0Zsw,5,13,5
OmfLT4ZxFGiNygGmKcgE6g,2011-09-03,0kkaNrhXArqKW4NpnHSpHQ,4,"Great new multi-purpose entertainment facility that just opened. They just started serving food last night and I had a fabulous ""Punk Panini"" sandwich ... value for the price....and a rock band going last night.....
Can't wait for the theater to open and the bar to begin serving in the next couple of weeks.....",review,2HsbXpcFBvFa-roHMqxgBA,0,0,0
VsrvWdZL2993olnW3z8R3A,2010-08-29,em-TC3alO_P0g-vKWguKiw,4,Yummy yum ! I ordered the little cheeseburger and cajun fries....It was really well done...I luved it and will go back soon...someday when the craving for burgers and fries strikes again !!,review,bEJMn_jbXWHTmDPzPOflRw,0,0,0
rkGPf4cbyUJqHgKZPvaTnw,2010-01-02,hX39R4L2BTbBZTqFWi6JGw,4,"We arrived at the store several months ago to create a wedding registry, which was an okay experience.  A ""registry expert"" sat us down and went over the basics, and then wanted to walk us through everything we may need on our list.  We weren't interested because we're already home owners and just needed some entertaining extras and a few other items.  Luckily, after awhile she got the hint and left us alone.  

Anywho.  Gifts began to arrive and were shipped directly to us, big plus.  Then came the true test.....returns.  Easy as pie!  No problems!  I even wanted to exchange some items for a Kitchen Aide mixer (which every domestic woman needs!), and forgot my 20% off coupon.  Oops.  Luckily, the cashier found one and let me use it - which saved me $80 bucks.  

Everyone I encountered was helpful, the only downside is that it's a little unorganized and seems crowded with merchandise.  Anytime I am in need of a kitchen items, I'll grab my 20% off coupon and return!",review,lwppVF0Yqkuwt-xaEuugqw,0,0,0
ezh7DWNch2eNHTUyAnV7lg,2012-08-29,d9tq5UR__qPizk4dmAdQTw,5,Love this store!,review,eapbAr6Zi5G8rK62gaWT9Q,0,0,0
vvMR0jgDoBA-g1XgZy8sEg,2011-06-20,meu41PvHcNjcYxPqsM2UYw,5,"I'm not a big ""organic"" kind of guy.  I could care less about hormone free this and BPA free that.  For me it all about flavor and service - it has to be better than I can make it myself and you have to take better care of us than I can.

Having said that, I'm HEAD OVER HEELS in love with the food at Tryst!  Service is family oriented too.  They treat you like a regular on your first trip in the door and burgers are to die for.

As a die-hard burger man, this is my default stop.  It is close to the house, in a pleasant shopping center, and has the best burger I've ever eaten in Phoenix.  I'd give it an extra half star if Yelp would let me.  This place is that good!",review,P_LzcrlVXFdgBq_24UnlUw,4,6,2
XWvht_1ZLdK7EHJ3jo4q0g,2010-05-04,-JSXM_YGU7RQi9vlxL_b8Q,4,"I've now been to the WCG twice.  The first time I went, I only had a salad.  Only salad has new meaning here as they have some fantastic salads.  In fact, several people at the table said they had never had a salad so wonderful.  I also heard that the seared Ahi was to die for.  Salads were just filler as prelude to desert however.  Everyone at the table ordered something different and they were all passed around.  I can highly recommend the cheesecake and the banana pudding.  Both were outstanding.

On my second visit I tried the Parmesan crusted filet.  It was to die for and I ate way more of it than intended.  I also enjoyed the mashed potatoes and shared someone else's honey roasted carrots.  Tablemates had ribs and the steak sandwich and both had rave reviews.

Overall the service was wonderful, the atmosphere is relaxing and reasonably quiet even when the place is busy.  The food is excellent (I have not heard a bad thing about any dish) and the dessert is worth the trip.  They even list it first on the menu; a sure sign of something great!",review,S9R4_Vb25wdyHv95H_JP6A,1,2,1
I4bSn5gXsHuSPu7L-d_8nQ,2011-01-28,rvES6f9D-O0oHQPmzrQoJg,5,"After eating chocolate covered bacon for desert (yeah, that's really one of the options for desert), I say that I was completely stratified with Beckett's Table. From the moment I called to make a reservation I knew that this restaurant was going to have great staff and service. The staff greeted us at the entrance and give us options for seating. I was VERY pleased with the pricing on the menu especially the wine bottle prices! It's just a matter of time, and I will be back for an evening meal! Speaking from living in the Arcadia area, this is just the restaurant we need in the area--a nice community restaurant with pleasing food! If you are looking for a nice dining experience, this is the place for you!",review,WflEF3597OItD39ygq9C8A,2,1,0
fP-BPL6iRu2tbcvlnjRshw,2011-07-07,nai7U95Uq3fBqQY-OyMi_Q,4,"Finally another downtown lunch option.  I'm viewing this as the ""in-between"" place, in-between Arrogant Butcher's heavy on the lawyer, heavy on the political scene diners, and in-between ""Celtic-Hooters"", I mean, Tilted Kilt upstairs.  The food menu is interesting, a lot of appetizers.  Not enough salads for my taste. 
Compared to Arrogant Butcher and likely Tilted Kilt, the menu has less salads and less fried foods, but it'll be hard to find something healthy to eat.  It veers towards the comfort food side, with options like chili with cornbread souffle, and flatbreads served with burrata fondue.  There are a few flat bread options on the menu which is their version of pizza.  The day I went, the lunch room was busy. (You enter in through the a lobby shared with Stand Up Live).  Didn't get a chance to try out their amazing beer selection, will have to try that out the next time I'm here for a show.  The management and service is very friendly.  (Not in a scary way, just in a ""I really want to enjoy your experience way).  This is in sharp contrast to the service at Lucky Strike across the way which I've found to be downright rude at times.  Keeping my fingers crossed that they continue to do well.",review,vhxFLqRok6r-D_aQz0s-JQ,1,1,1
b3MaC7nWia6uYvJrP8iu1w,2009-05-30,XBedl2cEMZihflfuoPIphA,4,"Went to the market for the first time today and I enjoyed myself.  

I loved seeing the herbs and plants I could grow for my own veggies (some of them were ""pre-tortured under the AZ sun""... loved that line) and smelling all the great concoctions that people make.

The creativity... it's awesome.  I love going to those craft fairs and seeing stuff, but I like seeing soaps and art and other various items that people will put together on their own.

It was super nice that they had portable evap coolers blowing down the aisles and lots of shade.  

It was very comfortable, lots of tasters and the music is great.

I told friends that I would be going here today, and they all said, ""Oh I wanna go!! I'm so jealous!!""

Now I see why. :)",review,Yk37VAp452K7FwHWd1rrQw,0,1,0
b3MaC7nWia6uYvJrP8iu1w,2012-07-28,CkFL0XCQrFjsThYmhxFmow,5,The whole market is awesome.I like that if you did not bring enough cash with you that you can pick up a blue ticket at the information booth that the vender will stamp then hold your items for you then you may pay by credit card at the information table where you picked up your ticket.The veg are great.the free range eggs are the best.the french baker from Tucson is pretty darn good.this market is for sure one of the better ones I have seen.worth any one checking out.Note support your local produce and growers/farmers.Support Organic!! One more note this information and option has to do with the farmers market out side open on the weekend from 7am to 11am,review,Z_8P1viBB-8B88oNEiBb7g,0,1,0
8o-NLKy_XfbJtqljX9XLCA,2008-10-30,-25RrM8ltiVzNtM8mJMy4w,5,"The best fried chicken I have ever had
pork cutlet is not to be missed either
the collard greens flavor is unbelievable and purely vegetarian broth if you can belive that - absolutely no sourness

I regular have to make pilgrimages for my pregnant wife here.

Negative - cash only",review,A7v8TX0r0OziLD5u8p6wgQ,1,2,0
Sb1_G-DMy26YHafNxxhVrQ,2010-02-28,W9Ffzsoma1hKsLEnxHglwA,4,"As a visitor to Scottsdale, I thought a stroll through the farmers market was a great way to get a taste of the local flavor--literally. And it was! There's a great mix of vendors, who sell everything from baked goods to coffee, from vegan wraps to preserves. There are also some interesting services like pet massages!

Like Vicky T. said, it was surprising to see dogs with their owners wandering through the farmers market, because that's against code in California. But I thought it was great, and with the pet masseuse and a doggy and kitty treat vendor, it totally made sense.

Farm Sessions, where local chefs give cooking demos with produce from the market, is a great idea I'd like to see at my local farmers market. It did seem odd, though, that all the produce at the market was in one corner. It was the shadiest spot, so maybe that's why?

Anyway, this was a great way to spend a Saturday morning and was very relaxing compared to my local farmers markets, where I often feel like I need to start throwing some elbows to get through the crowd.",review,0O0WByGmSVbF7iNs4uxi0w,6,6,6
ZoQAOnEFnyHjSpomtfqesA,2008-06-05,jyqulMgIQz4qd37ZoQY_2g,4,"I really enjoy That's A Wrap... all of the food I've ordered here has been really enjoyable, plus it's all a really good value for the money. My favorite wrap here is the Prince of Thai, sin pollo con tofu. The Veggie Bowl is also another good option and I'm pleased they can make anything vegetarian. Worth a stop for lunch, however, the parking lot is tight and I have been here more than once when it was full.",review,6hRKotVFPYL7Ci0hipN9Eg,4,3,2
V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA,2012-02-11,tPXP3dwMAz5ynBfzgOn5mw,3,"Decaf coffee was the best thing going here. Big cup, super hot and tasty. 
 
White flannel hash was a miss. For me the flavors were off. Too much salt and way too much garlic, for my taste. Service was polite but a bit slow for how empty it was. If you like garlic and a heavy hand with salt, this might be your place.",review,so9owE1BlWDslVNZJUYugA,0,0,0
trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw,2008-04-10,dXmgGJTDhC0AbCPNXfi7EQ,1,"The food is simple, pure and uncomplicated; you taste (and hopefully enjoy) each ingredient. However, as with most minimally processed cooked foods, it does not travel well.  So, eat in. Luckily the decor is modern and compliments the menu well which makes eating in a pleasure.   

My only down note is on the service. If you are not careful when you enter the restaurant, you may enter through the door of invisibility and will become invisible to the employees. As a result, you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today, the dust takes 4 iPhone e-mail responses or texts to be removed (10ish minutes). Regrettably, I only had three unanswered e-mails in my inbox and had to leave before I could be seen by the employees. On a positive note, when you leave (regardless of the time you waited), the invisibility dust seems to be removed. I know this as no one honked or screamed at my car as it drove away without a driver.",review,BrJcbK_lH0irQcNSNBEQHQ,3,3,7
HLQUH1VAw4KbSV-IhxOPEw,2013-01-04,xKXXSqimCGmwSSM6A2IaGA,3,"I was not impressed. For a business traveler, there are better choices nearby. 
When I drove up, the valet told me there was no self park, but I could see it less than 100 yards away from my room. I used it during my stay, and it was convenient and much less expensive. 
The entry of the hotel was constantly blocked by party goers, and I couldn't find any alternate entrance/exit. 
My bill was wrong at checkout. They adjusted it, but then mysteriously placed an additional unauthorized charge of $13.94 on my credit card. 
Seriously wishing I opted for Embassy Suites across the road...",review,hANn-OzlMa_bDl31nWZwkA,1,1,0
djYFLq4Bkqpkd14-0IJfug,2010-03-01,XKwhyz7BIeEJRe5smDil-g,1,"For frozen yogurt quality, I give this place a one. Honestly, it's small, there's very little variety in terms of toppings, and the yogurt tastes cheap... Probably because it's a big franchise. There is a reason why you're paying less for an ounce... Truly - you get what you pay for. 
The concept is neat, sure, but if you're looking for pizzazz then you should try Yogurtini... It's just up the road from Yogurtland. Anyway, the single star says it all... ""Eek! Methinks not.""",review,2K3lSMLFIhbpdXUWAdgYHw,0,0,0
dcd3C1gWv-vVdQ9XYV8Ubw,2012-08-04,j1GkoGCAq2ZLrwvRh53MxQ,5,"Ii am addicted.  spectacular service and consistent, quality. food every time. i have been ordering take out and dine in for months and grimaldis does not disappoint.  only once...they gave my takeout pizza to the wrong person....christine, the manager, very generously apologized, comped my new pizza, and bought me a glass of wine as i waited.  grimaldis is a class act and has a fantastic staff with excellent food.  every time.",review,hgzGSMl2m3ZpbVMnnbHJAQ,0,1,0
0dIChGWBs9ueUXl0hhkw2w,2010-10-02,oGtSU2M-vv8Hh5DMCXJWvQ,4,"My girlfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something new, so we hopped on the netbook and fired up Yelp. We tried Crazy Jim's, and boy was this a good pick. When we 1st rolled up to CJ's my girl was like ""I don't know about this!!!"" I said ""lets just go in and take a look, if it is clean inside then lets try it"". Once inside the place was small but quaint and most important it was CLEAN. So I ordered a veggie pita and got the pasta salad as a side. The food was ready pretty fast and I had envisioned something like a sandwich that you pickup and eat but it was all laid out over my plate. The pita was very good and I give a big thumbs up to, the pasta salad was kinda plain. My girl has a greek salad and she liked it but wasn't too crazy about the dressing. I would definitely go back to Crazy Jim's and eat. As a matter of fact anytime I am craving that veggie pita, your boy ""E"" will come to visit. 

ps. Our server was great also, friendly, fast and helpful.",review,WgpyvVqYAc3FOvk-G-Erwg,1,1,0
1uFIjxwBRi8vGqc6vpNO9w,2010-03-23,Giqs3sVmwBdHuxIv6uPA2w,1,"""Fake"" (or rather condescending) service from the ""Service Manager""...and he didn't even acknowledge me when I asked the status of my car (uh, more like IGNORE). Ended every sentence with an impolite ""No ma'am"" or ""Yes, ma'am""... ya get the scenario. Basically, the guy was a real JERK.

They couldn't even figure out HOW to fix my car, even when I TOLD them what was wrong with it ( had been diagnosed at the Dealership). Two guys were sitting there staring at the computer (as if it was going to magically speak to them). At least they didn't charge me, but what a waste of time waiting for 90 minutes....",review,CP-IE-zyc2Mv3jlaceElVQ,0,3,2
kApEJUSJFIMitJRrhutAfA,2012-01-27,gwbYi4ykkOKh3CKJXIbtcA,4,"The Hyatt Place Scottsdale is a hidden jewel in old town, just off the main drag this place is perfect for a weekend getaway.  They offer complimentary breakfast which is pretty standard but nice and even have ""real"" plates and utensils vs. plastic products.  They also have free WIFI and the rooms are HUGE!  It is a great place to take the family since the kids can stay in the first part of the room on the sofa sleeper while you can crash on the comfy bed closer to the TV.
The only reason I give 4 stars vs. a perfect 5 is because the pool is really small and not that great.  If they upgraded the pool a bit they would be golden.",review,Br9mpMhkVunsp8Un5GpYWA,0,0,0
XNSito__Fne14TXU0vz1Qw,2009-11-18,nV364mAGFk-5MfX_GqFVFg,2,"The service was slow, the server knew nothing of the wines on the menu and knew nothing of proper wine service.  Boo.",review,aM0LYqvjHQcx1cgihiFhRg,0,1,0
Nz_AasmpsQ8MLSqhCTRVoA,2011-05-24,IbMBvrxPpXrJiH0D0P52AQ,4,"I'm not a fan of Thai food or buffets but this place is great. Food is great and it very decently priced! It's not super busy, so the food isn't always ""fresh out of the kitchen"" tasting, but I really enjoy the Pink Pepper!",review,r1_Dt2mXFhfSnW5Ew5T1Rg,0,0,0
74qDPs2dR6gSzDp6N1U-Og,2011-02-12,WuaBQ-6u8AbkOyQHxO_lhQ,4,Decent place for pizza.  The only place in the West Valley to get decent Margherita pizza.  Not the best but good enough to satisfy.,review,s7Tm9oYWqRlBm5ex2OQ1nw,0,0,0
DXBPI8rR9f_IthOGPDWoIQ,2010-02-17,q4-tqgbDGXC5GZ9goxP6XA,4,"Blurb for iPhone App: Great Enchiladas, Chips and Salsa made fresh, but beans left something to be desired.  Give it a try nonetheless.

I just wrote the last part because I will be on the Yelp app, and notice that I often start my review with something that is not useful at all... which is that everyone sees when searching on their mobile phones.  So I guess you could say I'm optimizing for mobile.  Ok, now on the full review.  

Took off a star for the beans... they just weren't great.  The person with me had a taco salad, and said they didn't get a lot of meat in it... and the rice was good, but not great.  However, this was balanced by the chips and salsa (which I always eat so much of that I'm not hungry by the time the food shows up) which seemed to be made fresh, not too hot, but with plenty of flavor.  The ""hot"" sauce (hot is entirely objective here) was very good, and I used that for my chips as much as the salsa.  Didn't ask if they had anything hotter, as the true chilehead will think it's pretty mild...

I had a chicken enchelada with green sauce and a cheese with red.. and although I usually like the green better, the red here is great.  One word of advice however - don't step on the scale the next morning, because you are going to stuff yourself while you are here.",review,15cUUq1KnmjYOPoEbbydqA,0,4,0
p5HEHFZwbztIkpI4ItbX2w,2012-06-13,OFzvW2jnI-dnleHa8v3O5g,5,Obligatory stop for a drink...Dodey is here so that is always good,review,AuQ28IMcqAloDmlFI7CKoA,1,1,1
TRD-6PxJX2fWL91dRrny6A,2008-05-23,sAlc-va-Enm37cgz3kR0mA,3,"What vegetarian goes to a place like Logan's Roadhouse? The kind that will sacrifice herself for the sake of her people because she drove all the way from San Diego to AZ at midnight and had no kind of sleep, but still managed to get there and say, ""Hey, I'm taking all you fools out to dinner, my treat, where do you want to go???""

And, they picked this place. Oh woe is me. 

If you've been to Texas Roadhouse, then you've been to Logan's Roadhouse. I'm pretty sure it's the same damn place. Peanut shells on the floor, MEAT and potatoes galore, and loud people everywhere--Which is fine, because my people are very loud. 

The overloaded mashed potatoes was a hit, I was pissed that they were out of onion petals, and our waitress seemed really confused. But, she was nice, so I can't really talk too much crap. 

As long as everyone in my party had a good time, I'm happy.",review,DqQzkxbhm4rEJpsIT3XxOA,4,4,6
eHcQzL5eebqvKrLW5q283w,2012-08-11,YjA3C4gyP0s_7rlYp1M0Sw,4,"Sandwiches are very above average in taste, but they are on the spendy side.",review,vzTqQHtC0lHzBYsl2Jbs8Q,0,0,0
TfTlOE6h9E9o34dEkw9L_w,2010-09-11,PHKjWkJze_fRdaUlwG2ISg,4,"Great beer, really good food and no wait.
Ok yes it was noon on a Sat but that can be hard to find
any day of the week, at any time.",review,2fdyqZooz7YSZ5vgkDLxxA,0,0,0
eONS7DP6U9BV3lkqGAUbOg,2012-11-02,64vt8IGCHT0S8Zco3zRmdw,4,"Thank you sir, may I have another. 
 Although I didn't have to revert to Oliver Twist-like methods to punish myself gastricly with this greasy, plentiful, delicious food, and it was quite easy on the wallet, I feel like I shouldn't have come here. This is a guilty pleasure whenever I travel to sections of the country that have them. Nice big portions piled on plates that I'm pretty sure were clean, the staff hollering out orders to the assembly line that never seemed to cease. Awake and alert, this place is good. Hungover or Drunk, this place is Frickin' Candyland. Bottomless coffee, Waffles as big as your head, overworked waitresses franticly running from table to table.. ahhh the American dream.",review,RXueZzFMARyR16QBtxlFeg,0,0,0
wPb6f04NSnQc1aCPOR1sEA,2011-06-25,y6sdmbdlkPUK-b4sKGNuDg,5,"was i ever lucky to pick dr. karawi from a random list of doctors near my home from my insurance website.

ever since i was a kid, i barely remember seeing my dentist. his hygienist came in, cleaned my teeth, then the dentist came in with his long nose hairs and big belly and bald head and stinky breath and started shoving sharp metal objects into my teeth. then he left, saying only ""hmmph"". he had a beach house in the cayman islands.

dr karawi is exactly opposite of that (don't know if he has a house in the caymans though). what really, really, really surprised me was the karawi cleaned my teeth....the Dentist! he does that for all his patients. i asked him why, and he just said he likes to get to know his patients. how novel!

he is extremely friendly and likeable but always professional. he will joke and talk to you about your vacations, plans for the weekend, etc, but then always keeps it serious when discussing your dental care. i sincerely appreciate his services and friendliness. we liked him so much, even invited him to our house warming party!

so for excellent dental care and outgoing service, Dr. Karawi is your man.
p.s. he's not bald, doesn't have long nose hairs or a big belly, and his breath doesn't stink.",review,ST8Yzlk2MqKlcaLqL2djBg,5,5,4
YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w,2011-06-30,N7CUeQkSBc4pdkPGu7aR-g,5,"We have been meaning to try The Mission for awhile, and we were extremely impressed. We are self-professed foodies, good cooks, etc.
Let's start with the fact that they seated us promptly at our reservation time, and that reservation had only been made that day.....surprising, because the place was packed!! Alfonso was our waiter, and he was awesome and didn't hesitate to make suggestions that we were happy to add to our dinner. First, the margaritas. ....this place knows how to pour, and they are fresh  - the only way we will drink them. Next - there are only 3 places in Phoenix that can make good table-side guacamole, and this is the best of them. Alfonso suggested a fried pork belly/cola reduction appetizer that I had to be talked into. OMG....heaven, and such a complex blend of flavors that the sweet, crunchiness of the pork belly can only be described as ""worth it"" if you are balking at the issue of pork belly.
Entree: we chose the Chorizo Porchetta and the Scallops. Both were excellent and may I say that the timing of each course was unbelievably prompt. We never waited and yet didn't feel rushed.
Dessert: I confess that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews loved the selections ...I wasn't blown away. The churros were small and dough-y, and the milkshake was just to heavy/sweet after a meal.....better to fill the churros with a cheese and serve them warm on dulce de leche ice cream. Fried bananas didn't excite me either. Bananas are bananas..... The pumpkin bread pudding seemed heavy and Autumn-like for a 110 degree day in Arizona and did not compliment the Latin flavors of the dinner. I feel their dessert menu needs to be expanded in a way that compliments their cuisine....some citrus sorbet, chocolate-with-red-chile cake, lime cheesecake. At any rate, I still give them the full Monty on stars!!!",review,-uYfeJs1HNUBRDEBYdv7zQ,0,0,0
L1ymPhPjisiSD6RI1NtnQg,2008-09-22,lDUwVQpKtBPKBCxhtR61JA,5,"My husband took me here on a Friday night ...after hearing good things about it from coworkers.

We sat on the patio which had plenty of misters and overlooked a park, it was a very relaxing environment.

Our server, Carla, was as cute as could be and was so nice the entire evening. She was one of the most attentive servers that I have had in a long time. She was so genuine and really added to the experience that we had here...thank you Carla !!!

We ordered a bottle of red wine that the husband picked, I am not sure what it was but it was damn good ($23 for the bottle). As an appetizer we had the Piatto Misto, which was an assortment of Italian meats, cheeses, olives , and breadsticks ($14) and this is definetly enough for 2-3 people. The meats were excellent and the cheese was tasty also. My only recommendation would be for them to not cut the cheese into tiny little cubes...that was odd because the meat was sliced and you could not incorporate it very well.

For dinner we shared a pizza.. The Sofia..it had Scamorza (Smoked Mozzarella),Parma Prosciutto,Parmigiano Reggiano ($13). It was ooh soo tasty. We could not eat the whole thing...there was like 3 pieces that we ended up having boxed up.

Then we had dessert.....I am still in heaven just thinking about this dessert. It was the Dolce Della Casa...Slightly Charred Sweet Calzone
filled with Chocolate Hazelnut Sauce and Banana topped with Vanilla Ice Cream...OOOOOhhh my God. This was by far the best dessert that I have had in a while. It was so gratifying...I had goosebumps after the first bite. I would recommend ordering a small and sharing it because it was huge ($7). I can die a happy woman after that dessert...and if this was a first date ...that would have been a guarantee for sex !!! 

The community here in Verrado was absolutely amazing, I wish I would have known about this neighborhood before I bought my house in Goodyear. If you live nearby I would recommend checking this place out and spending time looking around the  neighborhood.",review,JkMOQaMjlBHMqp6gj-hL3w,2,0,0
b5cEoKR8iQliq-yT2_O0LQ,2010-03-09,c7UBikwEOZfG2kTUQ3M3EA,5,"Great surprise-- I have driven by this place several times-- food was excellent-- I had the Enchantment platter-- just the right amount of heat without being overwhelming-

Cool cave-like atmosphere inside and fun patio area-- I will definitely be back and bring out of towners",review,76SlIVfcXJujKQ3xSyYtOQ,0,1,0
qC5Uv1j4id7MPM-8YrjW6Q,2011-08-10,1hVNXprd3EDijQqZ7wy7aw,4,"My daughter treated me to a facial here for my birthday. It was lovely and included a massage of my feet and hands. The student was very professional. It normally costs $33 for the signature facial, but was only $25 for my trip since they were running a back to school special for the month of August.",review,LX3cTVaS8f2UF0Uuafsfug,0,1,0
Re0Xw-AYkn6NK7QRk3kPEg,2010-08-02,musPMVwcTY50Vp9wlyJ_ug,5,"I love Stinkweeds.  Owned by local commerce booster Kimber Lanning, Stinkweeds provides better selection and pricing than many national vendors.  The staff are helpful, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they'll happily special order it for you.   The parking lot is smallish, but I've never had a problem finding a space.  The central location is a big plus.  They share the plaza with other locally-owned businesses, so it makes for a fun shopping excursion.  Their listening stations are well-stocked with a variety of music, and the staff loves to talk music, as well.  They also carry a great selection of music mags, as well as some books.",review,2LCrT_BOJvGV4xi_lmoRcA,0,0,0
kYQxOeJRFYats6cxVFnILw,2010-11-18,Nor4neSd96yxIzcZ_sVQ-g,2,"I don't usually review based on one visit.  But when the experience and food is as bad as this, I'll make an exception...

This place gets two stars for the multiple big screen TVs.  If you're here strictly to watch sports and have a beer or three,  you'll be fairly happy.  However, I came here for a bite to eat, and that's when there where I ran into problems.

The bartenders are a disgruntled lot.  Their sour mood when I sat down set the tone for my whole experience here.  They're not all bad.  One of the male bartenders actually smiled occasionally and chatted with some of  the customers.

The food.  How can you screw up cole slaw?  What more can I say? 

Beyond that, if you're in the area to watch a game, this isn't a bad choice.  Just swing by McDonald's or somewhere else for dinner.",review,pf4qcDBKqkWG4uuHnwRMlw,0,1,0
q9WaFYhlOZCrfXJQTG5t_Q,2012-03-29,QrV78zogKdN8l345KyIIMQ,2,"Good = Happy hour is a great deal but it's always PACKED. The open atmosphere is awesome in the spring/fall but there's not much seating so you'll likely end up waiting.

Bad = Parking.  There's never enough and it's a tight parking lot.  Prices.  It's expensive.  If I want to sit outside with friends and enjoy a bottle of wine and nibble on some fancy cheeses, I might as well do it at my house for 1/4 of the price.  Then I can drink as much as I want without the overcrowding and $$$$.",review,qkNxavKKK5TZsvaXdnHNPQ,0,0,0
r-a-Cn9hxdEnYTtVTB5bMQ,2010-03-19,wQE2rzQ5CHnS3iby8sM1Tw,5,"Have you ever walked into a bar or restaurant and instantly felt at home?  That's how I felt when I walked into the Grind last night.  The place has a great vibe, fantastic food and cocktails, and a friendly staff.  Some of the highlights of what we ate last night...  The burgers are phenomenal, the cable car drink was unusual and tasty, how could you not love donuts, and the bacon... oh the bacon...  I highly recommend swinging in for lunch or dinner so it become one of your favorites as it is now one of mine.",review,HNASrZhKABaDbGysyoK64Q,1,1,0
619v4z_tj2NiZWuX1tPdrw,2010-01-04,3sr8RO5HtBlbg-cQseIrmA,5,"stopped here on our way home on a road trip.  if i had known, i would've stopped on the way out, too.  the bear name drew me in (and the assumption that a diner would have chocolate malts).  

the food was fantastic.  boyfriend ordered ""bob's big bear burger"" and it was probably the biggest hamburger i've seen in person.  apparently it was delicious (how he ate the whole thing, i will never know).  i ordered some sort of burger basket combo, featuring a much smaller cheeseburger (which was delicious), hearty portion of fries (which were ok), and the chocolate malt was only $2.99 (instead of $4.50-ish)  with the combo.  And it was one of the best chocolate malts I've ever had.  And the prices were reasonable.  And I actually loved the kitschy bear theme.  Can't wait for another trip that takes me through Phoenix (and I never thought I would say that).",review,3KnIBtTFpS_VNtvcZT4WbA,0,1,0
ykKSshfa9ANCZCuvM2LaWg,2010-03-13,KWRuNZsIE8Hj_IDSsdt6hQ,4,"This was my first trip to Culver's and it came highly recommended. At my friends suggestion, I tried the butter burger deluxe, fried cheese curd and the.....I forgot what it was called, but the frozen custard - basically the equivalent of a DQ Blizzard.
The burger patties were paper thin (thus the reason I ordered the double), the lettuce was crisp, tomatoes fresh, bun soft and buttery. I thoroughly enjoyed my burger. Very flavorful!
I had never had fried cheese curd and had no idea what to expect. The closest thing I can think to compare these to would be mozzarella sticks. They are about the size of a grape, and full of salty cheesy goodness.
The custard was delicious! I had the vanilla with butterscotch and oreos (I ordered butterscotch and brownie pieces, but there was a mixup, but I had no complaints).
I really loved everything I had. The menu is big and I can't wait to go next time so I can try something new. 
The thing I didn't like was the bible verses all over the walls.
Seriously?? It's not that I am anti-religion or anything. I am Catholic, went to Brophy and go to church twice a year. I don't need it thrown in my face while trying to eat with my friends. take a tip from In and Out. Put them on the under side of your cups. Work on your subtlety Culver's.",review,esomNneHvsEv91MmraM5ug,0,1,0
g-eZgnBDvSDguF8cUxKCkA,2011-04-23,4vwW6RqF2F3waWlweEhqEQ,5,We ordered seabass and ribs. Both excellent choices. Service very good. Ambiance was unexpected. Felt like we were in hawaii with an open feel with palm trees. Used restaurant.com coupon. Great deal.,review,_LIGXXPQzba-ldVRM5KWtA,0,0,0
nBfusVbqwul0BU0Rcrlelw,2012-12-06,qm4Hqv0kgIvc1Fh61Rl19A,4,"I'm so torn on RA. (I know. I'm a brave person, getting up and going to work everyday and functioning with such a heavy load on my shoulders.)

Really though...I feel like I should have outgrown RA by now, but I haven't. I initially went to the Tempe location back in the day when I was 18 and hated sushi (forgive me, I was young and stupid. Mostly stupid) and ate noodles every time I was forced to go there by my ex or my friends. Now I am pretty well-versed on the sushi world and eat it every chance I get.

No, RA is not the best sushi restaurant in town. No, it is not the most authentic. But it always draws me back in. The happy hour, the drinks (Umami Punch, you are my liquid soulmate), the special rolls...I can't help myself. (""I wish I knew how to quit you""...)

I WANT to hate RA, mostly due to the douchebags it tends to attract, at ANY of the locations (we live in 'Tukee now, so obviously we frequent this location a lot), but I still can't. We went a few weeks ago for happy hour with some friends, and it was busy (of course). No biggie, we sat at the bar and had a drink or two while waiting for our table. They told us 15-30 minutes and we realized it had been longer than that...went up to check on our spot and lo and behold, our buzzy-thingy was not working and they had skipped us on the list and because of this, have missed the happy hour cutoff. NOOO! I needed me some cheap dranks and sushi! We sat down, the waitress talked to the manager about what happened, and the manager came over and talked to us, apologized, and let us know any food we ordered (sadly not alcohol as well, but I understand why not) would still be happy hour pricing. Pretty cool, as some places would have had a pretty ""oh well"" attitude about it.

Overall, RA is like crack, and once you've had it, you'll develop a habit you just can't kick. Pass the soft shell crab roll, please...",review,iWh7h24DpKWFtKZGl81kxg,0,1,0
Ez2MFsVT5lJZ05yvK_0AXQ,2006-08-15,7iu_6L7pzpfgpswxzeR7sw,5,"Pita Jungle is a great place to get inexpensive Mediterranean food (as long as you don't mind a bit of a wait).

The food usually gets served up really fast, but then your waiter leaves and -never comes back-.  I'm not ususally a stickler for outstanding wait service, but I do like to get my glass refilled and be given my check in a timely manner.

Never-the-less, the food is so good it makes up for any other flaws.",review,rPGZttaVjRoVi3GYbs62cg,0,1,0
rbiRLiFTG098z9JaK3Nshw,2009-12-06,T80AkuQGHYsIca1hcMkYqg,5,"Been there twice now.  Great servers and the owner is a sweetheart.  I ate the Pechuga Asada and a pupusa Locoye(sp?) this time.  The chicken was made right, great beans and rice, fresh avocado,  big portions and the salsa and chips are excellent.   I live two blocks from here and I need to wake the eff up and go here more.",review,wo4b_NZrBfWLoPE0c_9Qng,0,1,0
muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw,2009-02-26,Hu7sSywF0olRbPAm3-GATg,4,"Kristi's review said, ""Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me."" Well, that's good enough for me. And before the Yelp paparazzi shows up to muckrack... no I didn't take Kristi to Cheuvront's. I know better than that - I only hang with Kristi at dive bars. 

So I did take my lovely date to Cheuvronts. The decor and ambiance - think wide open and urban and dark without being too dark. It really set a mood. We ordered a bottle of wine from a fantastic list, along with a cheese plate and a pate plate. We had them select the cheeses to pair with the wine we had chosen with a few instructions as to cheese preferences. They have a selection of pates as well, and we had them choose similarly.

The cheese plate contained three cheeses, all superb. It was served with (good!) bread, some nuts, and some dried cranberries. The two pate plate was similarly served with bread and dark, delicious mustard. The pates were fantastic - the cheese plate and pate plate seemed destined to be served together. 

The food and drink were great, the service a little spotty especially since there weren't that many people in there. I'm guessing the waitress just didn't want use to feel like she was bothering us. After taking our time to enjoy the wine, cheese, and pate, we were both feeling full with no room for even dessert. 

Overall, a great meal, my date thought it was one of the best places she had ever been to, and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews.",review,HZeFzs42f0iGaA-sP_hUnA,5,4,4
Cp5_NSJFNgylD5SUdmT8nQ,2010-04-02,LuAf4axGH_j46Hb0j6emGQ,3,"A timeless classic a place with more shows than I can / care to remember.

Seen a lot of up and coming people here as well as some pretty good regular nights as well.
Always an interesting collection of different music styles mixed in with a ton of talents of all sorta both local and elsewhere.

Cheap drinks and plenty of pool tables.
Old school video games and of course darts
Pizza and bar food that is actually decent!",review,Akwr-Kqif-NylJ3-EUlnWQ,0,0,0
GwSdGrvaXi4BdXNSWKn-EA,2009-01-23,jYjqxUBagtPmdHOs25SoCg,5,super great neighborhood bookstore. it's local and not owned by the man. jimmy carter will be there signing books in febuary.  They have new and used book and something is always on sale. It's attached to wild flower and next to macs.,review,iD4jhROZcY4MsUXphSTfgw,2,2,0
RQWliUrWic_b5FZEj3JThQ,2010-06-24,jP1Tccmnq2DgiUJA3KKBmA,5,I eat there about 3 times a week!! The antipasto salad and bread are addicting and can't be beat!,review,VLEicvujLbpjHO8nP2uGgA,0,1,0
24qSrF_XOrvaHDBy-gLIQg,2012-07-12,vOTfl495sFIAmzja0E5_AQ,5,I've been coming here for years...the best.  One of my favs is the lulu wings.,review,3CrMsd5tB7LW5gQUdvI_PA,0,1,0
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A,2009-03-23,u3gSlkv3TlTpo3m0ZxvsUg,3,"I want very badly to love this bar.  I really do.  It has all the promising combinations of qualities I look for in a local locale.  

Great beer.  I have no qualms about ordering the French Canadian Hefeweizen (that I can't even pronounce, spell or at this moment recall) with one glass all to myself and lick my lips at many other brews on the menu.  Add a wine list beyond belief and liquor if its your poison too.

The proximity to my own compound and the blossoming bud that is the central Phoenix renaissance  is always worth a gold star; why commute when staying local is a better option?

The staff and owners of the Sidebar are fantastic.  From my induction many months ago they sling the drinks with pride and the effort in the setup and delivery of the place doesn't go unnoticed. 

The decor is where things start to slide.  Not because the place is hovel, far from it.  Everything is crisp and new.  From the hydraulic bar stools, to the multicolored ambient lighting to the comfy lounge couches, to the super clean bathrooms; this place is a slice of upper crust for those of us who don't normally even thing to nibble from such a decadent pie.  Herein lies the problem or as my former boozing partner visiting from his new digs in Portland put it, ""I'd like to see this place with about 10 years worth of dust on it.""  Not my style, but I dig it and Phoenix sure as hell needs a place like it.

In the end I will go back and don't mind in the slightest having a place like Sidebar to show off to East Valley dwellers and Scottsdale brats, but every time I reach for the front door I pause and am sad.

A mere few feet away lies the corpse of the beloved Emerald Lounge.  A dark, seedy, dirty, smoke filled haven of locals, live music, art and personality that is now nothing but a painted over ghost.  So please, support your local bar, bring your friends and keep the sidebar real.  But remember to pause for a moment of silence and drink one to the ghost below your feet; us locals will thank you.",review,LsJ4Fytw1NNcR5Y_3AIOzA,1,0,1
EC9WB-iVjd28B6R6KIZ8TA,2010-01-02,Nc4T5CUN8djNa3oLHngMgw,2,"VERY BAD SERVICE + BELOW AVERAGE SUSHI = 2 STARS.

The 2 stars is because the quality of food is below average and not that great. The Salmon looks like its been on the plates forever and has a real slimy look. I've had way better sushi in some all you can eat places!! Basically the only good thing is the gimmick with the conveyor belt. I would advise the reader to save his/her money for a better sushi place like Kabuki.

The next bad thing about this place is the atrocious service. They never bring you the drinks or seat you in a timely manner. God knows what the waitresses do over there...they run around as if its their first day at work and never get anything done like clear tables, get checks etc. I've been here a couple of times and I saw that the 2nd time, the patrons were not even waiting for the waitresses...they formed a line at the cashier like Denny's.",review,wV8cHyOIuZ_Z8VeG-hlBQQ,0,0,0
me3myIgtuIgLEC5jd97uZw,2010-07-08,BB25ZzPDYHnwgd4v3Gbxig,3,"I feel like Top's has been getting angrier and more bitter over time.  I called on Fourth of July just to see if they were open and they guy on the other line told me, ""Yeah and we're a madhouse.  Each minute I spend on the phone with you is another body out the door,"" and hung up on me.

I wanted to call back and tell him, ""You know, the amount of time that it took you to say that, you probably lost two bodies out there door.  You could have just said, 'Yes we are!' and that would have sufficed.  Instead, you had to be snarky so I'm calling you back specifically to waste your time.""

Instead, I'm just going to Yelp about it.

On multiple occasions coming back over the past few months, I feel like I'm tip-toeing through the house when someone's mad at me.  I don't get it.  There's a serious vibe of negativity going on.  Specifically, the guy who acted like a fuckface over the phone has been snarky and bitchy a few times to me.  

Oh, and refrigerate your fucking beer.  I'm tired of having to pop my shit in the freezer for 45 minutes cause the beer or champagne I buy is piss warm.",review,mym5tXZoZCbuPCYQzI5Ysg,1,3,5
WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ,2010-12-20,jF-CoMuywJpnC1bGy-sbAg,5,"This place had amazing food for reasonable prices. They have tiny card games at the tables which was pretty neat too, it keeps you busy while you wait for your food. The bar was neat, and the atmosphere was ok. I did not enjoy the music, and it was too loud to ignore. The service was pretty good, but the waitress made my friends and I uncomfortable, like we shouldn't have been there. It might have just been that one particular girl, and I would still go back. Don't dress too casual...",review,wtn-JNypbM7IupJm9t40Hw,0,0,0
jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g,2010-06-25,GiuBzrMbSAe1L97v-_mRtg,4,"OK, I'm somewhat between 3 stars and 4 stars on this.  I really want to like this restaurant a lot so maybe I will have to return again and try another dish.

Positives:

Price!!!!  Wow, the prices are amazing.  I got the hand pulled spicy noodle dish ($4.00), my boyfriend got the hand pulled pork noodles ($5.95) and we shared the pork dumplings ($4.95).

The dishes provided rather generous portions (we ended up taking half of our meals to go).  

The dumplings were quite tasty (approx 8 large dumplings)

I got the passion fruit smoothie with boba which was quite good (I love bubble tea so much and this place is pretty legit).

The restaurant was really clean and the window to watch the noodles being made was really interesting and ingenious!

Negatives:

My noodle dish just really didn't have a whole lot of flavor and was not even remotely spicy for being titled 'spicy noodles.'  

All of the food was really rather greasy.  The sauce for the noodles was pretty much pure oil and the dumplings/sauce were pretty oily too (but still tasty).  I was just hoping for a bit of a cleaner feeling meal instead of heavy greasy food.  Maybe if I try one of the soup dishes next time I will have better luck!  

The experience was overall a good one and I would like to try this place again, I was just a bit disappointed with the grease content of the foods which gave me a bit of stomach ache.  Regardless, this place is worth a shot!",review,E83jZ7j07Hx-RcRiTbA_kg,0,2,0
wzIPW_XyKc2DBWdOUM5hlQ,2012-02-27,JPDl0DIa1yToQLSrakMD0g,5,"I had a craving for Mexican- American type food, and since there is no longer a Chi-chi's around my friend suggested we go here since I was visiting the area from out of town. She is a frequent diner here, and loves it.  I really enjoyed my experience as well. 
I love a great Chimichanga along with  re-fried beans and ordered a much  needed strawberry  Margareta.  So lovely!!!! I enjoyed everything on my plate!

 I Loved it so much I suggested we come back my last night in town for drinks and appetizers.
We decided to order the  Mini Chimi Sampler, Macayo's Famous Cheese Crisp that I ordered with ground beef (it almost looked like a cheese crisp pizza),Guacamole Dip with chips. They also offer free salsa and chips every time you arrive.
Like my friend- I would be a regular here. I know when I visit my friend that she and I will go back- at my suggestion and to  her delight!",review,dW7dXceuBcQ2UgNbEmAiZQ,1,0,0
aozcOaCMwOHG8s-lbZ6_gA,2010-08-23,Ri6CPjoiGfVxqBkdMHFV9Q,3,"I've been eating here for years off and on.  I used to live close by and went often.  The quality of the food started to go down and we stopped going.  Then they changed owners and it's ok to eat there again.  

Flamingo Palace is just what you'd expect from a strip mall Chinese restaurant.  The food is so-so and the service is pretty good.  We really like the hot and sour soup and the Flamingo chicken.  

I can say that through the many, many times that I've been to Flamingo I've never had an experience that made me NOT want to come back.",review,W5fdWpuyWBhfOsd0C_qq6g,0,0,0
WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA,2012-03-18,AbuDZvjREtVNVAQO23acEg,2,"Lets satrt with the good, The brisket was a solid 7 on a 10 point scale.
I didnt like much else about a place even though I have been wanting to try for some time. It was cold and rainy today and I really wanted some comfort food just as I was passing BE BBQ. So I stopped in and sat at the bar. From the moment I walked in and sat down The poorly trained bartender struggled with every step. It was also very obvious that the well trained staff was frustrated with him to no end. The Bartender knocked a plate of food out of one servers hand a the entrence to the kitchen, he couldnt settle a check with special instruction twice, and his amaturish drink pouring skills shined bright on this cold and cloudy day.
OK Yelpers I admit Im a 20 years restaurant veteran and maybe thats why I was so stressed out watching the goings on but he things I was seeing was like a train wreck! but I just couldnt help but watch.
On to the food, I had extreemly high expectaions about the food and I even expected the prices to be on the Scottsdale side of high. What I wasnt expecting was the tiny BBQ Brisket sandwich, and I mean like 3 bites tiny.The BBQ Sauce was so heavy with chili powder and with almost no vinager  it was gritty. The fries served with the ""sadwich"" were also covered with tons of chili powder. The meat itself was tender and flavorfull and well smoked, but I was surprised that it was a cold, that was a turn off, but not as much as the small chintzy portion.
Well at least Big Earls is off my bucket list of must try restaurants, and as far as BBQ options in Scottsdale well that list is certainly shorter too.",review,y6TszIl9rQiO9vWUUJJJZQ,0,1,0
jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q,2011-01-08,5_AMdHdZQ2nvqex5j0SRkQ,4,"I usually hate chains, especially Italian ones like Olive Garden and Romanos. But I was pleasantly surprised my Maggianos. We went because we got a gift card for Christmas but we are probably going back. 

The bread and the dipping oil they start you out with is pretty good. I wish the dipping oil was just a little more seasoned though. My husband ordered the linguine and clams which he said was just ok. My stepson had the crab and shrimp cannelloni which he enjoyed. I really liked my eggplant Parmesan. It is the best egg parm I have had at a chain. The sauce is fresh tasting which huge chunks of garlic.

One nice surprise is that our server said that my dish qualified for a free take home dish of the same category. So I ordered the gnocchi and had a nice dinner the next day.",review,Hi7VohxSS5OBt98w4j8t4A,0,0,0
UtVMTQwKxQMJBQSlbuEqCw,2012-10-24,EHrQrsrZ5PqX_DlnZKB-Nw,2,"Strange just strange. I park here when I travel out of town. I used the valet parking once last year and don't remember any issues. Today was my second time... I dropped my car off last week. The airport shuttle was waiting for me at baggage claim when my flight landed at midnight. I went to pick up my car after a long flight as was told ""it's at the front"", the valet guy pointed and disappeared. I was left standing alone wondering if there was another side of the hotel where my car was?? I walked into the lobby and the receptionist was quick to tell me there is a balance on my account. Huh?? Number one I don't have an account at the hotel and number two I didn't stay here overnight. Again I'm standing there thinking what is going on, is he getting my mixed up with someone else? Finally he explained the parking wasn't prepaid and I needed to pay in a order to get my car. He gave me a bit of an attitude as if I was refusing to pay. Dude, it's 12:30am, I just got off a long flight & didn't realize my fiancé didn't prepay online when he set the whole thing up for me online. All this confusion could have been spared if the valet guy would have just said ""you pay at the desk"" instead of ""its at the front"" which is unclear and indirect. I think next time I go out of town ill try a different parking garage.",review,JHmO-lVrHA0njKnQnZ8qLA,0,0,0
BdSY-BHmH0BCCv47mOOS0g,2011-08-09,ZZAoJF8Tuu7qwY8GL0pcyA,5,Great place to grab a coffee with decent prices and a great atmosphere for sitting down to do some work or catch up with a friend. Would definitely recommend!,review,SSGhIunh6uhGTFc67ILZ0g,1,0,0
IX5FfZL4P7WGOG-xwdD4wA,2012-07-07,48QIHSZrQ2hq9PVTv_QNjg,3,"Nice park. But people need to keep an eye on aggressive dogs. My 4 month old puppy was beat up by another dog this morning. 7-7-2012 We were the first ones out there this morning, around 5:15am We were just out there walking around, This lady and her grey/ and white dog. Was walking around. Then the dog came up to us for no reason, and jumped on my puppy just started beating him up. The owner didn't even do nothing.. The dog was almost killing my puppy. I yelled at the dog tried to stop him. Then he attacted me. Bit me very bad on left hand. The owner  asked me where I was going I said west valley hospital. I was very scared. She said she would meet us @ the Hosiptal. I never saw her show up.. Those kind of Aggressive or angry dogs shouldn't be allowed out there. Yea go at your own risk. But people should 
not let angry or aggressive dogs out there. The owner didn't even say sorry or give me her name, nothing.  Shame on her. And her aggressive dog.  I hope she teaches that mean old dog some manners...   Brenda Hansen... The Hosiptal visit was long. But west valley took special care of me.. Thank you Hosiptal",review,QAMNtBlBPpHwGhugOIaumA,0,1,0
pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw,2009-06-20,-h8KQnlgi71F1c3xj3UPnA,5,"Recently ordered Spinato's again and just had to update to 5 stars... as much as I've always loved NYPD, I have to admit that this really is the best pizza I've had in the valley. It's not fair to compare the two, as they're totally different styles, but it's just so good. And they're local. Can't beat it!",review,gOV8nHj7JIKHoBUJKHZPuw,2,2,1
SwMqbqCLXy8XDH1rEGQ8rw,2011-02-07,KLkUcJxn16bWbbBkJ7cwFw,5,"We held a meeting planner's luncheon inviting local clients to our hotel that host regular meetings.  Our theme was ""getting to the core of your meeting"" and the entire event had an apple theme.  Yuri's Popcorn created a special flavor green apple for our event and it was a nice compliment to our other offerings.  Our attendees absolutely loved it and were excited about all the creative and delicious offerings, including centerpieces with an arrangement of candies and popcorn beautifully arranged into a bouquet of yumminess.

Several months ago, we hosted a lemonade stand for a client serving glasses of flavored lemonade.  Yuri's created another fun flavor....lemon....that was well received by all.

They offer the perfect gifts for clients and everything is very affordable when you're on a tight budget.

Thank you!",review,Y_4cPHyChd9mLJktSYo5LQ,0,0,0
6_nvD0eUrr6oN8djmJtaQQ,2012-05-19,ivrzhiTPDL9VhrrUO6Bn7g,4,"It was a hot day with great bbq!  With the Yelp discount, admission was reasonable ($6) compared to the original $12 price, and there were a good number of bbq stands to try.  Samples consisted mainly of pulled pork with bbq sauce, although a few stands did sell items such as hot links, rib tip, and brisket samples.  I would have liked to see more stands that sold plates of food rather than samples, for those with a bigger appetite.  Towards the back there were also some stands that had food and home items for sale (e.g., Cutco knives, clothing, salsa, etc.).  It would also have been nice to see more items for sale that were bbq related (aprons, grills, tongs, etc.).  All in all, I'm glad I went!",review,uZbTb-u-GVjTa2gtQfry5g,3,2,2
0UZ31UTcOLRKuqPqPe-VBA,2008-04-02,2IKCbs8HL2XQyjCoC0EvOw,4,"Hey, its difficult to find anything particularly wrong with this stadium, which is especially remarkable coming from an obstinate sports fan who intends to hate before he loves.  

Immediate impressions of the stadium are that it is very well-designed and constructed with fan comfort in mind.  Chase nails this aspect solidly.  The concourse are rife with eating and drinking options.  You literally cannot walk 10 steps without tasty, delicious stadium food beckoning your fat ass to indulge; polish dogs, ice cream, 24 oz. bottled beer; Peter fucking Piper Pizza (Mmmmmm!).  The concourse also opens up brilliantly into the field of play, and one can go take a break from the seats but still have the ability to watch the action on the field.  Very important feature, particularly with baseball where sitting down can become monotonous.  

The actual field of play is marvelously constructed, with modern and classic designs colliding.  The dirt path from the mound to the plate is a throwback to the 30s, while the pool in the outfield adds a very unique and ""Arizona"" touch.  Pretty damn cool.  The classic clockface in centerfield is beautiful, and the grade of the stands are perfect for the noise to reflect off the metal structure.  Now that its under new management, they are opening the roof much more, which is a HUGE plus.  Many fans have been complaining about the lack of open air since the stadium opened.

So two things that I don't like about the stadium, one ornamental, the other functional.  

First, the hokey, 90s-esque mosaic on the outfield slats.  Jesus.  How about an update?  Its just looks so fucking bad, its almost embarrassing, and has prevented the outside of this architectural masterpiece from aging with grace.  How about HUUUGE pictures of current players, or true windows to let the light in and perhaps a view of the distant skyline?  This would require, of course, for PHX to actually knock down the Garage Mahal and actually build an outfield skyline.

This leads me to problem #2, the aforementioned ""Garage Mahal"", the most deplorable, atrocious boner yet for our mentally-ill city planners and officials.  What a total fucking waste to build the most useless and overly enormous parking garage that ultimately discourages people from walking through downtown before and after the game, restricted the potential for bars and restaurants to be placed there instead (fuck, they didn't even give the option for ground level retail), and mostly sits at 1% capacity on non-baseball-days.  That would be 284 days of uselessness.  

Though this isn't the D-backs fault, it is a result of stadium proximity, so as a penalty, combined with those silly mosaics, it loses a star and red pigment.

Overall, however, Chase field is the tits and will eventually be a MLB classic.",review,-F32Vl8Rk4dwsmk0f2wRIw,2,3,1
OmJ283Un9mAbr_gc7v4N4A,2012-03-21,UTASTu3fRPyLthaAQ5Hnxg,1,"I came here at noon during spring break. When I walked in, no one was there. I rang the bell on the counter. No one came out from the back. I waited and rang the bell again. Nobody. I waited and rang the bell a third time. No one. I walked out having been unable to even find an employee much less place an order and try the food. Pathetic.",review,GE-34FoRSTKuw8OWBc4YrA,0,0,0
Gdmig8uYu5Mdfcgn0XsT3Q,2012-02-17,84SAmhSIsNlHFn_rHmePZw,5,Friendly staff and great Americanos!,review,Pwzztdd1B8m536_C2p6zgg,0,0,0
z1CjVXv6M6RbWhZO1lIExA,2011-10-27,yXqQqH8Vr1cmFsWif7lGBw,5,"An amazing section of light bulbs for just about anything you need. Most are in stock, reasonably priced and ready to take home. I have brought in several odd bulbs that I needed to have replaced with no markings on them - They always come through like champs. 

Take my advice and covert your old bulbs to LED - Well worth the cost for me just to not have to replace burnt out bulbs all the time - some of my lighting is very hard to get to and Halogens are so damn hot!",review,90a6z--_CUrl84aCzZyPsg,1,0,0
enbTOcl7WNgsjsAtmhvDRA,2010-08-26,iSxZ2wCLeh738TfpVVz5Xw,3,Glorified Pei Wei,review,jMGNNb-vpLcwFikrxIlTkQ,0,0,0
gD0k_0kKi6Zj46Wg4WzP8Q,2008-08-31,_iENJ8oDR9SLQ6aM5xSCoA,2,"So when you walk in, walk to the right and have the machine scan your card. I'm telling you this because I looked like a douchebag because I assumed that the Bally worker would scan my card. 

Oh yeah, you'll smell urine. 

Like, did someone just go crazy and piss all over the place? Seriously, how does a smell get so horrendous like that? What is that? 

There are a lot of treadmills and they're recent...not new...they look overused...but yeah. I'm sensitive to smell... I couldn't even exercise.",review,31tjiU793jocP_DKwn1V8A,0,0,4
yVQiGdxmnrkJDyQXv2maNA,2010-08-26,vEp6Fu9SYHKmpJcHTT1SKA,4,"I order the same thing at every Vietnamese restaurant. Rice Vermicelli Bun with Grilled Pork and Egg Roll, and spring rolls. This order does not change. Ever.

They do the pork here more like a pork patty, or meatloaf if you will. In Vietnamese cuisine, there are two different ways to do it, the other being grilled slices of pork. I don't know which I prefer as they are very very different.

You get a large amount of noodles, very fresh vegetables, and a generous portion of meat. The sauce is tasty, and everything seems very high quality. Spring rolls are good, as is the peanut sauce they serve them with. The service could be worse, but not much. It's pretty horrendous. Atmosphere is typical of a Vietnamese restaurant, total dive.",review,JgDkCER12uiv4lbpmkZ9VA,0,2,1
zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA,2010-05-20,xiQFTr-DwzNqvkLcsbpWUQ,5,"Been twice. Authentic, high quality & great price for what you get. Salsa de Chile de Arbol was the best!! Loved the decor. Orchata tasted fresh, which is a rarity in most Mexican Restaurants.",review,IpCH-jaFA-1YgCdi6YmnFg,0,0,0
TTjdeeMfTw9s9vg4T1a3pw,2009-06-13,NQhqeF7j8P-uWLsVjcwRRw,4,"Lash Extensions by Cher here are AMAZING 

_Affordable. 
_She listens to your every wish for the final product. 
_Very friendly. 
_Accommodating evening appointments. 
_Reasonable amount of time to complete. 
_She is pretty busy so make appt in advance. 

I wouldn't go anywhere but here for lash extensions! 
Cher is the greatest =) 
aaand no I am absolutely NOT Cher haha just one of her very satisfied customers.",review,R1ZoIgMxusX4kvDiHHzisw,1,1,0
JxVGJ9Nly2FFIs_WpJvkug,2011-12-01,ZEI1OHOntJqtEn4AbL9pSQ,2,"I was very disappointed my last experience at Sauce. I ordered a spinach and apple salad with chicken. I think the apples were from a few days ago wtih no taste and the shredded chicken must have been in the freezer and put on the salad.
The kids however did enjoy their mac and cheese.
The salad was terrible!",review,2yADbgjdAsKjDQMgmn49XQ,0,0,0
yKbXWo_6VlS3mD_RcPquog,2009-08-25,2LIxNbpGl--S1u2sywq90g,3,"You are seeing a continuing trend here. When it first opened it was a 5 star place but since then the pizza has been inconsistent and going down hill. The last pizza I ordered, the crust was soggy and it had too much yeast. The cheese was also too rubbery and tasteless.

I grew up watching 90210 like many of us ""old folks."" They had the Peach Pit. Do you remember that place. Well Jimmy and Joes is the pizza version of the Peach Pit. Yes, me and my 30's felt age inappropriate when I arrived. And I immediately felt like I was in high school again when I went to grab a tiny ketchup cup to grab some wing sauce and they said it was 60 cents. Another person walked in and they gave him a hard time because he didn't have his coupon on him even though he read the coupon code over the phone. It had that high school vibe..you know the one I'm talking about the...""I owe you 3 dollars and I'll pay you back tomorrow."" vibe.  That vibe is felt when you park there. There is limited parking as it is and whatever parking they have, there are signs that limit you to 20 minutes parking almost implying they don't want you to eat there. I was too afraid to take napkins because I'm sure it had some price or limitation attached just like everything else there.

I've eaten here several times and I've reached this conclusion: eat at the place but don't pick up pizza here. JJ specializes in the one slice and drink. Their short slices are done well and if you don't eat it hot when it comes right out of the oven, it loses it's flavor fast. I've picked up pizza and it's almost like two different pizzas. When I picked it up, the cheese was exrtremely rubbery and the crust was so chewy like steak. This is a great place for a short lunch or a business lunch but I wouldn't order several pies if I was hosting a Superbowl party or had people over.",review,jQxxHLXLbFsNYNWNdSjRKQ,1,3,1
0le8kj4gIHe9aZ1NfS2_Ag,2011-02-19,zRSIHgqLIOqbxUn7g6vRAA,2,Very slow service. Food is typical for BK.,review,JiIb7xzIAmFODMQ0i4I1QA,0,0,0
0iDFiC3ThklulFzSlJqaOw,2010-11-20,cZMdMiD74jtqcLWLJ9kPEA,5,"Well I have been looking for a good barber and I have just found him. Like many other of the reviews it is very hard to find a good barber and if your looking for one go here and see Phil. I saw the other reviews on yelp and thought I would try him out. I went and got a haircut wash and an honest to goodness hot foam straight shave (hard to find now days) and it all came out wonderful. I thought the prices were in line for the area and maybe cheap for the service. 32.00 for all the services, I think it is 17 for just a haircut. I recommend anyone to go see him if you need a good cut or shave.",review,SveiOSU6AHrjAY5cbewRvg,0,0,0
X7FAAKkwOwaUUpR8QPChyw,2009-03-29,Orcxno3LxwHIZ1l5izWXhA,4,"Great place, great food, great environment .",review,1kDUQZY0FQ6qyCSTR3hGpg,1,1,0
RFeDe3fNr14kvUKlVx6_4w,2010-06-15,G2OVqZAkNl5OBrzeTrX8hA,4,"This was the first Thai I have had and it did not disappoint.

I went to Mint Thai with my in-laws, who love the place, so I had high expectations. It's a nice restaurant, with ample seating, and a good atmosphere. The menu can be a little intimidating. Each dish is numbered, named, and has a description, and there are something like 70+ dishes to choose from, plus spiciness options, so it can be kind of hard especially for a newbie.

I picked something in the 60s with chicken and red curry. It was really delicious, with unique flavors and a good spiciness. My only difficulty was that my food was basically swimming in the sauce. I ended up packing some up to take home, and ended up with a plate still full of sauce.

Other than that, this place was delicious. If only it weren't so far away, so I could try more of their options.",review,Qz_WQ6blpBBSaEwsofbB_w,0,1,0
RtwOc-n_RkiUuDGaNfCsNw,2010-11-16,4DjLBAUUvYcSdP8uPcMeug,4,"Nothing about it was good for me, but everything about it was good!  My friends have been raving about Forefather's for the past year and despite working less than a mile away I hadn't tried it.  Being a vegetarian I figured there would be nothing for me to eat.  I was wrong, they have a nice salad menu (that can be modified) and their tomato soup and grilled cheese is fantastic!  I wanted to try the sweet potato fries, but couldn't possibly put one more thing in my stomach.  The place is nothing fancy, order your food at the counter, and pick it up at the counter, but the service was still great.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for some greasy comfort food.",review,Zwtx7FLZcK5F2P0-Tz8mHg,1,1,1
-_npP9XdyzILAjtFfX8UAQ,2011-08-29,B1XZotQ3xRyXAKgpoSIm-g,4,"I'm tired of trekking to the east valley for Lee's Sandwiches.

Thao's hit the spot. The marinade for their grilled pork is excellent, very flavorful. I was surprised to see that they are a full service restaurant, offering pho and a variety of plated meals too.",review,HfNSOBGT7payhKfl998BzQ,0,1,0
yMUVflS-2SnOGafXmdHy6w,2009-03-12,GoPGEun04Nfv4vj_oILJqQ,5,"After a night of debauchery with friends, my friend and I found ourselves craving a comforting bowl of Pho. I've been a regular at Cyclo's for quite sometime but decided to branch out and try something new. I was pleasantly surprised with Pho Ao Sen! I am always happy when I enter an Asian restaurant and see Asians patrons...probably sounds a little weird but to me it speaks volumes. The tranquil aesthetics of this quaint cafe made us feel welcomed and relaxed. The decor had a modern Asian feel: minimalistic organic zen with soft ambient music playing - perfect for a Sunday afternoon.

We ordered the Pho Dac Biet Bo Vien- House PHO'nomenal (House special combination of *sliced eye round steak, well-done brisket, well-done flank, soft tendon, tripe, and beef meatball) and the Pho Tai (Sliced eye round steak) and Goi Cuon- Spring Rolls. As with most Vietnamese restaurants the portion size of Pho is quite large and we could have shared. Both were delicious, filling, and had a nice aroma but nothing too overpowering. I've experienced a few places that use a little too much anise, so much that you can't get an overall sense of all the delightful herbs and spices used in this delicious creation. The Spring Rolls had a very fresh crisp flavor and were the perfect accompaniment to the Pho. 

I give Pho Ao Sen 5 stars! Best Pho I've had in the valley, beautiful atmosphere and friendly staff makes me one happy girl! :)",review,UgttlReSB8g9YF3URK8BPw,2,3,1
3DCjixw25ebL2_sAvNUBUg,2010-01-11,XLoy0elbJ0tbApBfBNaXYQ,4,"Great China   chinese restaurant and super buffet there is no the in the name.But there is some good food inside the place.the decor is average and are booth was comfy but well worn.The buffet had about 80 items ,about the super buffet requirement.They had a small sushi section and the sushi was very tasty.The wonton soup i had was very hot and good it had most of your typical trays with a couple of different twists on some like the stuffed clams were huge and and they had some good sole,that thet called snow fish?When i left this place i was stuffed and everything i ate was good.So yes Great China gets 4 stars.And for Norm R. they got the almond cookie packages",review,ohRev2g3tvXpV3gBnhC-og,2,2,1
Lx4ZFP6dIMzi7Ib-ljV-ww,2008-02-21,9SFRJk6btO9J-jLeYnDBnw,4,"I love Los Favoritos!  Mi favorito is the chorizo breakfast burrito (most popular item there?).  Interestingly enough, I think it's bigger if you order it for dinner than for breakfast, but for either it's plenty big!  Muy rico with salsa verde.  I'm embarrassed to say that I've only had a few of other things on the menu (quesadilla and other burritos), but they've all been delish!  For some reason, though, I just get my mouth set on chorizo burrito.  It's seductive.
The folks there are very nice and sincere, and they know English well enough, although I think some are working on it.  
Tip:  You can order ahead!  Especially helpful if you're going during the lunch rush, when it seems like every kid from Seton H.S. is there.  it's pretty nice to breeze in and pay and grab your stuff when there's a gaggle of folks still waiting for their order to be called.    
Tip 2:  If you don't order ahead, you can place your order there and then go across the courtyard to Starbucks to grab a coffee (that probably costs more than what you got at Los Fav's) while you wait for your food, if you're so inclined.  This is a bad habit you might not want to get into.  Believe me!",review,yGzrkjrjRI9TRdjAAMc5dQ,1,1,0
xNmhVSujLo1kC9cgjOE-sw,2012-11-15,93j5nG44gNVFi7ZHbqUuNg,5,"Consistent with the east coast stores, great flavor selection, friendly and accommodating staff.  
The regular size doesn't look big but it is plenty for the price, not to mention the staff consistently fills above the top the cup on all products.  
A much better value than Cold Stone, Baskin Robbins, and self serve froyo.",review,CWi2e0K7UjDZkIpFxo18Ug,0,0,0
a9Wk44qJLWoJQT-_H8MB-w,2012-02-08,OUuNSWiMSBl5zFJdo06kVw,4,"Nice little wine bar.  I enjoyed a flight of whites and one of their specialty salads for lunch.  Pretty tasty.  The food won't win any culinary rewards, but it is good and the ingredients seem fresh. Minor niggle, they only seem to have high-top seating... when all I want to do is curl up in a booth and drink myself silly, this can be a problem.",review,2FtCOwNwd6UsBgScSc1_Ug,1,2,0
WIDZSGjX4GGKIp1nZoHepg,2011-02-28,5yqrmHhUQzb_d22HrslTHA,5,"I can't say enough wonderful things about this branch! The manager is fantastic, the other employees are happy, enthusiastic, and efficient.  Not to mention that everyone there has impeccable manners and they treat their customers as customers deserve to be treated! Go to this branch, you'll understand what I mean!",review,XpSZrY_Ym8GGx7SNEd0q9g,0,0,0
rr13jM6SUmfPPPGHHMHCgQ,2009-09-06,HUEWTzsGmoxxjR-gPq9fTw,2,"So, I say to myself, ""half price sushi for lunch? Oh yeah! You betcha!"" well, even at half price, it's tough for me to get excited about thus place. 

There's no real creativity (except for the disco balls during ""happy birthday"", seriously, uh yes) and it's fairly generic fare. The 2 stars are really for the fact the service was Johnny on the spot for edamame, miso and salad. The main fare though, just plain lacking. You're better off heading a mile or 2 down Ray over to Ra.",review,188v8fiXebMrsPAB4PJ_PQ,1,1,0
Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA,2012-02-18,9s6tEorM4qvhaHFjVDxeaQ,4,"Every time I head to Phoenix, I have to head to Chino Bandido. The food is in large portions and very filling! It is interesting how Mexican and Chinese food come together but it seems to work as this place was packed. I ordered the vegetarian quesadillas and it was loaded in raw veggies but I would have liked to remove the cheese and I was not sure if I could because it was so packed in there! 

Try the food out, you will not be disappointed.",review,v6RtrOvdoMjwLYWyieeFNw,0,0,0
TisnIBR2lMvT1DMC95_eHg,2012-03-21,IOjAUnSJ0ZS6WDgq63l7sw,4,"Stumbled into this place while vacationing in Scottsdale for Spring Training. I was suffering from one of those hangovers that makes you feel your pulse in your dome. My buddy(who was campaigning for breakfast at Taco Bell..who does that?) was driving like a kamikaze pilot and responded to the vehicle full of people pointing towards Paradise and grunting uggghhh. While walking up to the door an odd brown dribble stain was pointing us towards the entrance. Didn't know what to make of this. Also wasn't sure if it was from my friends who had plodded in ahead of me. Once entering this fine establishment my not-so-working-correct brain couldn't comprehend the two different counters. Also confusing was the two menus. Being told what was going on by a nice gal behind the counter didn't help much since English was definitely my second language at this point in time. After just pointing at what I needed I was ushered along to the cash register. I got my number sat with my group and waited.....and waited......and waited. As more time passed I began to ponder what the actual construction and building time for a croissant sandwich was. Also helping was my wife reminding me of every person that got there food ahead of me. We were asked how are food was a couple of times so I figure they could sense my frustration as to not having it. Then my glorious croissant sandwich was brought to me. It tasted absolutely magnificent. I could have died right then and been happy. To make up for this delay the manager brought us THREE boxes of cookies. I didn't catch her name, but damn if she didn't pass customer relations 101. Tossing me a free OJ would've been sufficient, but to give this wild pack of drunken animals munchies for the weekend went above and beyond. I will definitely crawl back in the next time I visit Scottsdale.",review,vMDrP3b5PZFZLmRLrJrGYw,0,0,2
podj1OWSL3oEJsOpGj8SUw,2011-04-16,XXr1_UvBr7EuKbarVdZ7nw,5,Had the meat pizza last night and it was truly one of the best pizzas I've had in a long time.  The owner is always very welcoming and warm hearted!,review,bpfxmW8wK5aWY61c_5E77Q,0,1,0
tTOWEYkyIZdwVEoXDmpm2w,2008-02-08,9QI-LfxIKIZ28FJ-2Gnnlg,1,"what can I say about Glam... well, i really, really despise it. Every time I go there, I regret the decision. And in my grandiose style, I'm going to say why in a list:

1) Cash only!! But listen to this, the bartender will take your debit card, charge you a fee, and give you cash, which you can then use to buy drinks from the same bartender that just did the whole transaction. WHY???? 

2) The location kinda blows. It's in a weird strip mall across from another strip mall. Have you ever driven by there in the day time? It's shady then, imagine at night time.

3) too hipster. I feel like I am not allowed there as I work for the man, do not wear black leggings, or have razor cut bangs. I, in my mall clothing and ""mainstream"" style, stick out like a sore thumb.

4) The music is just a little off.... ii dunno how to say what I am thinking, it's just off.

Okay, the floor is fancy. That's about it.

(sorry, I'm a bar snob and Glam deserves my wrath)",review,bK6v8n3zyycr7Eo0-PHJlg,3,6,6
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw,2011-05-04,Zn_VrwXE4OcYPwd1HdWg5A,1,"Very loud, crowded and quite unpleasant. I felt very cramped and the environment was very uncomfortable.",review,oYiskdGb0XYT2NjRb-s_qg,0,1,0
gvSB2TlcxAOs_ppZ44iirg,2012-09-21,v-zFGwZIT38cSi5R55PVSw,2,"This place screams, ""NO""!  

Indoor seating?  No.  I ate outside in the heat.  

Water?  No.  I asked for a cup of water with my meal and was told they only have bottled water and soda for sale.  

Straws?  No.  I walked to Safeway to get a gatorade and they don't even have a straw for me to use.  

Can I use the Now Groupon for a 14"" pizza?  No.  Only good for the 12"".  The groupon wasn't clear and the cashier didn't tell me that until after I ordered and bought the Groupon, which I told him about when I walked in the door.  

To add insult to injury, all toppings cost extra.  some are $1.90 each.  Plan to spend a lot of money and be underwhelmed with mediocre pizza if you don't head the warnings posted here.",review,fcN4Ia18HJRQkHTzKuWi6w,0,1,0
3p78HMBZjl8ZiLo_MM3Rzg,2012-03-22,TjdrWTs4Urn3soY-GaWf5w,5,"Great tire shop. I brought in my car because I kept losing air in a tire, they found a nail, removed it and patched the tire in 10 minutes flat. Very nice people, and very fair prices.",review,-YLtOLwOh1_xxxBnGtuvNg,0,0,0
LdI-fcJDXGE7ns_jwWY2ow,2007-06-26,iRyy3qunWudCYL9Kz1Fmlg,5,"Spotted Donkey Cantina is amazing!  They have delicious Mexican food, and fantastic margaritas to wash everything down with. You do have to pay for chips and salsa here, so there probably won't be any of that four bowl snacking before your main entree's come, but the medley of salsa's it comes with make it all worth it.

I've tried quite a few of the dishes here, and they've all been excellent.  In no particular order are my favorites:
cheddar enchilada's with hatch chiles and rice...spicy!
santa fe macaroni and cheese...again- spicy!
cod and shrimp tostada's- delicious!
shrimp fajitas
shrimp tacos

And for dessert:
fried banana wraps or the mango margarita sundae!""",review,0CMz8YaO3f8xu4KqQgKb9Q,5,4,1
3l72FflaaeI0tWEAWN3-gQ,2012-02-12,i4036CvFbar5Y5fdrDJBSA,5,"Always consistent. Great service, great carne asada and a pleasant patio on a beautiful day.",review,zcSzK5KQmnsyg0umeezTYg,0,0,0
dipzJ5BExpm6BtJ91mXd4Q,2011-12-10,Xgazapi1MWikFK-ZHF-L0g,4,"Ahh, the crave.  Having grown up Vietnamese, I consider myself something of an expert on Vietnamese cuisine.  So I've had great (of course, my grandmother's and mother's food is 5 star), and I've had horrible.  Pho Van (putting accents on the vowels is difficult with an American keyboard, so I'm not going to bother) falls in the middle--not my favorite, but not too bad.

We started with appetizers.  Cha gio, which is a pork filled roll in a won ton wrapper, was okay.  It tasted not so fresh, but had good filling, and the Nuoc Mam (a fish sauce used to flavor) was okay.  My wife and I had Goi Cuon, which is a shrimp and pork, with vermicelli noodle rolled in a rice paper wrapper, was pretty good.  This is dipped in a  peanut sauce.

I had the basic Pho Tai.  This is a soup, typically pre-prepared by putting cooked rice vermicelli noodles at the bottom of a bowl, and then very thinly sliced beef, and then hot Pho broth poured over the soup to essentially reconstitute the noodles and cook the beef.  The secret to Pho is really the broth.  Typically, this needs to stand on its own to make a good judgement.  It does--it was flavorful, tasted fresh, and had a very rich flavor.  I was pleased.  For my own purposes, I do add Hoisin Sauce and Srirachi Hot Sauce.  Having eaten here once before, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.  The only criticism I would have of this Pho is that there's not enough of it.  The standard bowl did not have much in the way of noodles or beef.  For $8, I was hoping for more food.

The rest of my family members had Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio.  This is a traditional dish with rice vermicelli noodles, barbecued pork, and cha gio, over which you pour Nuoc Mam.  There is a bed of fresh vegetables.  This is what I typically think of when I think of Asian Salad--it's bean sprouts, lettuce, mint, and cucumber.  The barbecued pork tasted quite good as did the Cha Gio, once again.  I found this food quite good as well.  

The restaurant was very clean, relatively quiet.  There's a very pretty fish tank.  The decor was very nice.  The staff was attentive, and service was quick.  I note though that it was 5:30pm on a Friday, and the restaurant was unbusy.  The Nuoc Mam smelled very funny to me though--I'm used to the smell of this food additive, and this one smelled quite odd to me.  We are talking about something called ""fish sauce"" though, so I'm sure there are variants.  It tasted fine so no worries.  Staff needs to use cleaner towels when they wipe the tables as it does leave its own smell as well.",review,4pi5L3KDxNiYLMQG7rTkdw,0,4,0
iyTQbU_XdznZ48AzeQfbdg,2011-09-24,1weJge2eJmR97srLi-EhTw,4,"VERY nice. The owner supports soldiers; we used a USO voucher here for a quick last-minute getaway before my husband deployed. The rooms are very clean and seem really updated. The staff is extremely nice and helpful, and the breakfast is pretty good. It's also RIGHT next to Ikea, can't go wrong there!",review,mz76QextIDVa2alekV8xcQ,0,1,0
IK8ID-Dq7LZsPppx4sKLhg,2010-02-14,J2GbiIGX7KcU-VNA1c9uYA,4,"Again, I'm trying to mix things up again on my end, and since Gold Bar was packed with no seating, I decided to go elsewhere and get my internet and coffee on.  This place is a little out of the way for me, but they offer free wifi, have great hours and serve donuts!!!!!  Hooray for donuts!

The place is small.  Counter seating only and its limited.  Parking is adaquet, and considering its a Sunday afternoon, an open seat is always a sight to see.

Service here is fine, and their donut selection is decent considering how late in the day it is for these guys. I don't go to Dunkin Donuts often, but thier always there when I need them.  I love the free wifi too!  hooray!

The one downside to this whole thing??  ITS FREEZING IN HERE.  I feel like I'm in a morgue its so dam cold.  

Anyways, I will be back!!",review,JffajLV-Dnn-eGYgdXDxFg,2,5,1
yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA,2012-10-05,bQedwDbtiXqTMt_hTAt8zg,5,"I had a really great experience at the Havana Cafe.. Everybody there was super nice and the service was great... I don't think our water glasses ever got to less than 1/2 full. The food was excellent. Price-wise it was a little more than we expected, but totally worth it. The sangria and drinks were kind of pricey, but ah well. Overall a very good experience- we will be back!",review,EIQ8gPTx5L-zXPlYDwWGeg,0,0,0
mH-OXF1ilnaPC2kry9Ox1g,2012-02-15,GC39RGV36uGhk0yDKb7v0Q,4,"Stayed here on Feb 10/11/12 was over all good experience.
Was judging horse show, so, hours a bit strange.  Desk staff very polite & helpful.  Due to injury, used small suite w/disabled capacity  $10 more.  Very comfortable, good bed/pillows/amenities.  Clock radio wouldn't allow wake up.  Lots of TV channels.  Following afternoon, was shy coffee, shampoo, soap, etc., went to desk & resolved(housekeeping problem).
Breakfast was OK on first day-not really different than most good hotels.  Second day, Biscuits & gravy good.  Lady taking care of breakfast room OUTSTANDING.  
If this hotel wants to host horse show folks, they might consider animals, and taking a security deposit.  As a judge, I do not bring animals.  In normal travel I do.
Would certainly come here again.",review,MhWBj3oDg4DevVEpUeqTaw,0,0,0
VVPVg9aJzNczTgeM36TGJw,2009-09-07,sMLSwQ9cbz7pQGqnI9uApQ,1,"I enjoy falafels and my boyfriend really likes Gyros.  So, when we received a coupon for Daphne's Greek Café we were jazzed to go check it out.

What I noticed right away is it has kind of a fast-food sort of feel to it and I thought, OK, its catering to people on their lunch breaks.  However, the food itself is like Greek fast food for people who have never had anywhere near really Greek food before and so they wouldn't know any better.

The plates are astatically pleasing with everything arranged nice and neat.  This amounted to zilch to me.  When I got to eat, I want plenty of food and I want quality as appropriately expected from the type of establishment I am eating at.  

At Daphne's you get a few little thin slices of what may or may not be real gyro meat.  The falafel meat is little over fried disks.  That's right disks.  Not balls of falafel meat where the outside is slightly crunchy and the inside is meaty and moist.  The pita bread is not.  It's just some flat bread cut into little triangles.  The tzatziki sauce is ... what the heck is this stuff in this little 1 inch paper cup?  The vegetables were fresh.

There is more to complain about with this place, but you get the picture.  I'm thinking that anyone who likes it here just doesn't know what real Greek food is like.",review,yH0ch7w37Y29QBqsSCMFbw,0,0,0
Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q,2007-09-17,SV3tciZCCvGa6N-LVnZ5VA,5,"Gourmet markets, to me, are like candy shops to a sugar freak. ""Hello, my name is Thomas. And I am a FoodAholic."" There I said it. Do you feel better. Huh? Oh. Sorry. Didn't mean to get so defensive. But how can you defend AJ's? How? How I ask you? Ok, so it's REALLY expensive. And, yes, they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I HATE huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just right and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Golden Girls. Cute little baskets hold just enough fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh, my! The filet (at a whopping $34.99 a pound) is worth every bite. Of course it'll be a year or so when I would pay that much again. Hello? Blood donation station idea! The ready made food is dee lish...curry chicken salad and brocolli delight to name two. Yes, it' s called brocolli delight. My gay ass did not name it. I would have called it beautiful broccoli. Just rolls off the tongue better. I've never had a cart wobble...see Fry's review...they ride smooth and apparently are good for the enviornment. Flowers, baked goods, dishes....AJ's. It's here. I'm queer. Get used to it.",review,C8ZTiwa7qWoPSMIivTeSfw,14,13,18
NLek5KCyuf9HHIMFJDEf_g,2011-09-19,whWEjonHdYC0VTPRWXRDIw,4,"If you need fake nunchuks, old china, random golf clubs, and a great selection of clothes to sort through, then this is your savers.",review,PAU2oAdPnEiYsCASNkel8g,0,1,0
JhupPnWfNlMJivnWB5druA,2012-06-25,ob34u8KC1_omPQRIg-2fDw,4,"AZ 88 was a great experience all around. It's a fun, hip and hopping place. They have an excellent bar selection, and although all I can only personally speak for is the to-die-for burgundy burger, there were four us and everyone was raving about their meals.",review,gqxJR_3_NkNypzS678QPuQ,0,0,0
452qcsoV-d55n0V7Osh50A,2010-08-29,197r0HvEBKF_D2qwLHarxQ,4,"I go there once a month or so with friends.  Yeh, people watching is the best.  I like to dance too, and I don't care if people think I'm horrible.  I'm usually laughing and having fun.  And that's the point, right?  

When you get tired of one room, go to the other.  It's fun.",review,4vECjx1eQSWCHfM3ZSbrNA,0,0,1
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2010-07-07,DL4O55L68FT2UAv5vgDW5Q,5,"This place is fantastic.

About the restaurant itself.  It's right by downtown Phoenix, and in fact right next to a Light Rail stop--so keep this in mind, parking is metered and sometimes hard to come by easily, if you live by a light rail this may be the smarter option.  The place is seriously tiny, only about 6-8 groups of people can be seated at one time.  A slight drawback is that there is limited outdoor seating, which, given the predictably large lines even on weekdays, is a problem.  The Phoenix sun will make a 45 minute wait seem like an hour and a half wait.

Now about the service.  I've always had a good experience with the people who work here.  The first time I came here, apparently one of the owners saw that I looked lost, because she came out and very kindly explained how people are seated, where I can go to get coffee in the meantime.  She even suggested I leave my cell phone number and she'll call me when my seat is ready, in case I'm shopping for example.  The waitresses always serve us quickly and never leave us hanging, and they're always smiling, which for some reason makes the experience so much better.

Now for the best part.  I swear, they put crack in their food, because although their breakfast options are simple, they are out of this world.  The first time I came here I got the waffles.  Perhaps it's because they use REAL maple syrup, or all of the ingredients are organic and locally grown, but they make the best waffles I've ever had.  I don't even know how one makes a good waffle really, it seems pretty formulaic, but it's stellar.  I ordered it with bacon, which was also wonderful--the bacon used was the good stuff, not the excessively fatty bacon you buy at the supermarket.  Every bite is spectacular, and when you're done, you're full, but not the kind of full you'll often get at breakfast joints where you think you're going to explode or take a nap--full, but refreshed.

The second time I came I got the pancakes.  Not the best pancake I've ever had, but still, superb and the real maple syrup just sends it through the roof.  The third time I went I got the waffle again (see above).

Before I came here, I was excited about leaving Phoenix for New York due to the incredible array of dining options you get in that city.  Now I'm worried there won't be anything as good!",review,Iv7fQNT5LrrJcDx8AbNkXA,0,2,0
qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ,2009-11-26,-uo2Ijn9Uxi-cAQUS4sYEw,5,"I will continue to give this place five stars for so many reasons.  First, the menu is very creative, and offers a great variety of healthy food, with an Asian twist.  This time I had the shrimp curry, which had lots of fresh vegetables, and instead of a heavy cream curry, it was a much healthier broth curry.  We had the edamame dumplings again, which were as good as I remembered.  It was kind of cool to see Dr. Weil eating there last night.  It's good to know that he likes the place enough to dine there.",review,Bc2UjSePEGvqSdHvz2HKGA,1,1,0
tigIXsvKMb4xCiZP56oSPQ,2012-07-24,yVbZt8owdkeBpYh978MmTw,5,"We used the taco cart for my 30th birthday this past weekend and we came away very impressed. Eduardo was the guy that came to our fiesta, and he was incredible. When he arrived, we experienced a haboob and he immediately stepped in and helped bring in our decorations and furniture. He waited about 30 minutes until serving because we were unsure if the haboob was going to attack again. My wife and I are both in the restaurant biz and so were many of the guests, we all came away impressed with the food quality. Next time we throw a party, we will use them again! Make sure to get the el pastor and carnitas. Great job Hector & Eduardo.",review,H77zOFVd2Jb4pGrNZ5CLTA,0,1,0
7tTK3VPlFtBGBHm8-LZIUg,2012-07-10,CG09Mfp-FSWLegNFCwq_EA,5,"I came to Timo for my birthday last week after hearing rave reviews about it from a few friends of mine. I met up with the fabulous Jennifer T. and I was so happy to check this place out!

I like any place that I get to walk in through a back door. I passed through the very chill looking patio area first, another plus in my book. Plenty of outdoor seating that looked dangerously inviting once this hot hot heat cools off. Inside was intimate, but with the large windows, it wasn't dark and depressing. Like your own little happy wine bar world.

They have an amazing wood burning oven. Normally, that itself is plenty good enough, but then there's the food that comes out of that wonderful oven. I only tried the spinach and artichoke dip, which was the best I have ever had! It didn't have a pool of oil (first time for everything!), it was so fresh, and I really appreciated seeing the bread sliced fresh right in front of us, since we were sitting at the bar. I saw several other things (flatbread)  come out of that oven, and I will have to go back to try them! Everything smelled delicious and was presented with a touch of class without being pretentious. I was also very intrigued by the eggplant dip which is apparently ""better than baba!"" 

Now for the drinks. Holy cow. I've been drinking a few years now, so safe to say, I've tried many, many drinks. Or so I thought. Coconut mojito anyone!? Made with Ciroc Coconut vodka!  As tasty as mojitos are, I don't get a long well with rum, so vodka was a pleasant surprise, and the coconut just brought the mmmmmazing factor to a whole new level. I also tried the white sangria, another 5 stars. Great wine list too- Apothic Red is one of a few reds I like, and they have it!  

The staff was top notch as well. I arrived shortly before a shift change, and both bartenders were personable and hard working, and truly seemed to enjoy what they were doing. I'm pretty bad with names unfortunately, or I would love to mention them.

I can't wait to go back! For drinks and food! I think I'd even go alone for lunch if I didn't have any company!",review,zfysCL-0uQNCWdGvzZ6QWA,3,7,0
ImVx220_Pcp2iB5uworODw,2012-01-25,IGCVnArVT0zFDZvJqasjHw,4,"Good pizza, nice place & the owner was very accommodating. I'm a fan.",review,_X1zedRYJt_pf7fosmForA,0,1,0
5VMajxduxfLPSyQkVFKESg,2011-04-01,hAadea0-D3qRGrsLIhHfvw,5,"Joe's is truly a special place!! What makes this place so awesome is that you literally feel like you stepped back into an American farmhouse situated somewhere in the 1940's. The employees are fully compitent in their abilities and they seem happy to work there. They have homemade root beer, which is very tasty and leaves a smooth and flavorful aftertaste. They also serve Barq's Red Cream soda from tap, which is impossible to find anywhere in the southwest. The outdoor dining area has benches in a picnic style setting, while the indoor dining area features a vintage John Deere tractor as the center piece. The side dishes are kind of small (one scoop), so you might want to opt for and extra side...the mac and cheese rocks!! I also recommend getting cornbread or lemon cake for desert!!",review,SMAiS6Am92JmV8EvxQtPvg,0,1,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2011-01-29,rIgBv_LEXYcFRZf0NQcKKw,3,"In the age old debate of length v. girth, Sky Harbor is clearly a proponent of length. I swear this airport is three miles long. And if you have a connection... well, good luck running across the entire airport from people mover to people mover. It's one long, long, long, long, line of hallways and people movers. 

Over and over and over and over again. But... they've got free wifi! ...oh, that only works about 60% of the time. Well, it'll do. They do have clean-ish bathrooms and loads of options as far as airport eateries go. 

But if you take one thing away from this review, let it be this: Length isn't always the answer.",review,J3rNWRLRuZJ_0xsJalIhlA,16,19,24
35uDzLpJlbSztgkJLtg1kw,2011-03-28,WRyP_t2QX3x4ndCDDLaMAw,4,"we come here about once a week. the soup in a bread bowl is yummy- i usually get a wildflower salad with the pesto vinegarette, which is amazing! their grain mustard is also amazing and the service is usually very good. the clientele can be interesting so it is a good place to people watch :)",review,x0r-IamYgKMgF3v7tJ_PTg,0,0,0
YTR7zYN7F-zP98sqFTS2-g,2011-01-07,pBa7hN_C_5djBh8ms0L_xw,4,"I'm a loyal patron of Steve's Krazy Subs, so i don't want to get involved in a family rivalry.  However, sandwiches are my business and they deserve a fair critique regardless.  At first approach, Neds is much more of a professional looking sub shop.  Nice large dining area, clean, fancy tables (*more on those in a minute) I was glad to see that Neds had the same lunch special...8 in poorboy, chips and drink.$1 more at Neds, but you get bigger chips.  Tasted exactly the same, so tough to compare.  My only complaint is the booths.  Probably great if you are 6'5, but for common folk, pretty uncomfy.",review,IVb9YMopuGyt5jJ7rjwoqg,0,0,0
FY_OXEVcewAQFZuu6fynLA,2012-09-26,Jel_o_ypKLWPk1hfbUty-g,2,"I judge a soul food place by its fried chicken, a donut shop by its old fashioned, an ice cream place by its vanilla, and a Greek place by it's gyros.  The gyros here are bland and wholly unspectacular - and sourced from the same frozen food purveyor (Sysco?) as every other gyro stop in Phoenix.  The cloyingly thick pita didn't help either.

I don't know why it is so challenging to find a legitimate rotating spit gyro in this town - but it is.  Especially near downtown Phoenix.

Recommendations welcome.",review,e0Rls_7QxkVcFJtUXDaA0A,0,1,0
cLojUtqkFpVIHFEvA_5Atw,2010-07-02,BhxmTjAN9MybthTa_0hYAQ,1,"I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my ""uncouth"" self doesn't exactly feel welcome anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... 

It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine. 

Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We enjoy good food and supporting local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already reasonable corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really enjoyed a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair well with the Jamaican heat! 

While the scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad steep in my book. We also shared the Jerk Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Jerk Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95). 

Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states ""no substitutions or modifications""... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a ""modification""? 

At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as ""Nothing fancy; simply good food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body."" 

It seems like cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to appreciate it's ""beauty"" AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were splitting the items -- is in the vein of ""nothing fancy."" 

How about providing the customer with an appropriate utensil to cut it themselves, then? 

The fact that the chef was obstinate in refusing to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams ""pretentious and grandiose"" and tainted our entire experience. 

To quote my dinning companion, ""You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!""",review,vsXP832M0kOxKpfduD7dWw,10,13,10
gvSB2TlcxAOs_ppZ44iirg,2012-11-11,PjZyG3gQPe0da8SV3H-mvQ,2,"Let's put it this way... 

I ordered two topping-heavy small pizzas from Naked Pizza.  I had a Groupon for $20 that only cost me $10.  So, keep in mind I am rating this on my entire experience that cost me merely $10 out of pocket.

The good?  The garlic topping is delicious.  The employees were friendly.  They were generous with their toppings.    

The bad? Daiya cheese is disgusting on this pizza and tasted like raw dough.  If you're off dairy, get the pizza sans cheese.  It will probably be a lot better!

The just okay?  The crust was okay-tasting, if not a little plain and dry.  The sauce was pretty good for one of us and just okay for the other.  

This is one of the two times in my life that I have ordered pizza and not kept the leftovers.  Of two adults and three kids eating the two small pizzas, we were left with one and a half 10"" pizzas, which we promptly tossed in the bin.  My daughter disliked this pizza so much, she picked off a few of her toppings and then told me she was full (when she said earlier how famished she was).  

I am only rating this pizza two stars versus one because I can see that it would be ""better"" without the Daiya cheese that I chose to have on the pizza instead of mozzarella.",review,64YY0h0ZAR2nbzxbx0IwJg,2,8,2
1Duul3qCnLrNak1Np-iHfw,2008-10-14,LkJ3_bpiTyPje6LOmMT26w,5,"Pita Jungle is a staple favorite of mine and my boyfriend's. Healthy, hearty and great service. It's too bad that a lot of their prices have gone up (as have other restaurants) but I'll still patronize this place. Read as: some things went up in price almost two dollars, but you can still have a meal and a drink for around $10, more or less, depending on what you order. I definitely like this place over the new one across MCC on Southern - there's something about being by the lake that makes it special. Even if there are stinky ducks there from time to time. ;)

Ooh - and the gambas con ajos is my favorite appetizer! :)",review,-twH-2L0l6AOlTDdp01wuw,1,1,1
2unQHR9uaRxk3dsW6f3MGA,2010-01-24,vFX3raAkep6PmTemBJHU7Q,5,"This is my parents' favorite place to eat when they come to Phoenix so we dropped by twice on our family vacation. The owner/proprietress convinced my mom (in mandarin) to let her pick the dishes for our first dinner so we didn't even know what would be coming. The cold smoked duck was sooo delish as was the special mountain leafy green with bean curd shreds (all minced fine and not on the regular menu). There was also a shredded pork dish with bamboo (excellent) and a pickled vegetable with fish soup. The soup wasn't really my thing because it was heavily seasoned with white pepper which I hate but the rest of my family said it was exceptional.

Our second visit was for lunch before heading off to the airport for the return trip. I could have eaten the entire scallion pancake myself as well as the cold spicy pork belly dish. Luckily, we ordered two orders of fried potstickers because those were delicious as well. We also had some tasty steamed pork buns but I was stuffed at that point.

If you really want to experience authentic shanghai food, let the staff order for you, you won't regret it.",review,bWNjCQyTJttofo3dKtTTPQ,0,0,0
5Q9346DVAZBlZ8z_Q8saIg,2011-11-26,EN0E7XtF_vgdLCXLyDBydw,4,"I am now a loyal customer of papa johns thanks to pizza hut. Papa Johns is always consistent and friendly and has flavorful pizza.

Read my review for pizza hut on val vista/warner

I'm a fan of pizza but this place has some serious quality control issues. Last Saturday I ordered a supreme pizza for pick up. I went to the restaurant and stood at the counter for 10 minutes without being helped. Finally I asked the delivery driver on his way out the door if someone could help. He doesn't say anything to me turns around and sends someone out to help me. The cashier doesn't greet me or apologize for the wait just asks for my name. I get my pizza and go home open the box and take a slice out and notice its completely doughy, stretchy and not even close to being cooked. I am so pissed now. I call pizza hut and ask to speak to a manager,  I'm then told to hold then the phone call is disconnected. I call back and get the manager Josh this time and tell him the situation. Josh did apologize, I told him there's no way I'm coming back for another pizza or having one delivered covered in spit, I told him I wanted a refund. The manager did refund my money.  I ended up calling Papa John's to order a pizza, the team member was friendly and polite and my pizza arrived in 30 minutes and fully cooked and fresh. Papa John's delivery driver was also very polite and thanked me for my business. I will not being ordering from the Pizza Hut on Val Vista and Warner. Papa John's now has a new loyal customer!",review,ZDZr9jCc9FznutQB_kGvLg,0,0,0
o-OV2LkJxpcCHmI_d4TZiQ,2010-02-27,RXv4MzN6KH2U4BvdAZr5cA,4,"Enjoyed the weather outside today and sat outside on the fake grass patio for lunch. I ordered the Oreganos fav Jr salad and the sausage pesto pizza, I did however manage to convince myself that I was too fat for a pizzookie(though I don't recommend you talk yourself out of it...I've been regretting since I left!)
The salad was amazing like always. This particular pizza I tried for the first time! I loved the sausage, very full of flavor but could have had a few more on it. The tomatoes were good as well. But the pesto sauce...kind of lacking. Not too flavorful, couldn't really tell it was there. But I am never disappointed by the tomato sauce pizzas...do try. This location is great to visit because they are usually not ""as"" busy as the other locations.",review,3hPmlMAP3PfHMiwNW_RUZg,0,0,0
hCtyvahPsEOUb38LKxEQNQ,2011-08-14,HyjTny7cPNMsyBn5Mi4vrA,2,"The ""chicken burger"" with jerk sauce was gross. It was dried out with terrible flavor. The only saving grace was that it was small, which says enough right there. As another reviewed said, it was a ground chicken patty when I was expecting a grilled chicken breast after going to places like Johnny Rockets where I believe they have a similarly named section of the menu that refers to chicken breast sandwiches. I realize I have myself to blame on that misunderstanding, but it was still a terrible sandwich.",review,-L0i4tIcOIbAq_gPvykkLA,0,1,0
9BH18avE46LlHMvJn67MaA,2011-06-29,03rHd59VFtY_cO1x3lNoKA,4,"This place defies being stuck in a single category. Their menu is a bit eclectic and my only regret is not getting to try more of it.

This place was right around the corner from my hotel on a recent business trip. We liked it so much, we ate here a couple of times. I'm sorry Alex P. felt that he was getting attitude. One of my coworkers asked if he could have the daily special from the previous day because he had liked it so much. They told him it wouldn't be a problem and fixed it right up for him. The food was good and reasonably priced. I was there in April and enjoyed getting to sit outside on their patio and enjoy the awesome weather.",review,XFgkghaWowkrTEgOtOEpPg,0,0,0
D1T1jtCfTfXD-cQE3QViow,2010-11-15,DVpIicG7xl8HtsWXGQ87cw,5,"I haven't written a review in ages, but this place is SO GOOD that I'd be ashamed of myself if I didn't review it.

I am the most hyberbolic person in the whole world in the history of time, but this time, when I say that it was the best pancakes I've ever had, I'm not kidding.  Just insanely delicious.  Scrambled eggs were also some of the best I've had (and come on, they're scrambled eggs, so you don't expect that much variety), and the breakfast potatoes were very good.  I couldn't pinpoint the seasoning, but it's different than you usually get.

Coffee:  Yum.  I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a great reputation, and deservedly so.

The owner Joe stopped by our table, and was super nice and genuine.  Service was just fine too.

I'm sure Joe's will get a reputation and huge following soon, so believe the hype and check it out.",review,-txH2zJSBZQHO6RWvoWXuQ,1,4,0
4XTcSltd2GydhvOzAV4SaQ,2008-10-11,0iEXWvrpgxlQDZBHgVLybA,1,"My boyfriend and I tried this place last year and we haven't been back since. The food was really unspectacular, they weren't really that hot. The price is a bit high since there's a restaurant by the same name on Southern and Dobson that serve much better food for less. The decor was really tacky and they should paint over the mural, it does not appeal to their clientele. Lastly, the staff was not nice.",review,sqLsoqm3lNxvfkOQ_wXucw,2,2,0
eWsd7tTVvCbh41vFaEJ4vg,2011-04-24,KPkndKjIpGq7w8BFZ4smcw,5,"Fast service, the woman who did my hair was great and it was the cheapest hair cut I've ever gotten. I was told that my hair cut looked better than when I was paying $200+",review,T9TTC-Eb3SpBItMnmA7zXg,0,1,0
KBG28p3lGX17hOPoHhq5PQ,2008-09-07,ZXDrDliTRwEhZSXOpzpp3w,5,"My husband and I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Every time we drive by he wants to go in and eat. Even if we are driving home from a dinner we just had!! 

1. The people that work there are AMAZING. They are so nice and hospitable, always glad to see you and let you decide the type of dining experience you want. (romantic date, take out, quick bar eats, etc.) 

2. This is the freshest place for seafood I have found in Phoenix. I don't know how they find half of the stuff the serve, but they do, and it is just off the boat. (I lived in Boston for 3 years and they get stuff I crave, like Kumomato Oysters, all types of fish and meat from East Coast farms) 

3. Pricing is right on...since they are serving stuff that is difficult to procure, I am always amazed at the value they present. 


Keep Rocking Yasu!!!",review,uQpHNWs-tZbwLAE00ywR1A,2,2,1
OIBrslaVxFxaaGUsYFUujg,2011-11-03,ePCxyKUc6dHhxYW5o-mOIg,1,The salad plates were not chilled... As they usually are it however is a busy night but something's are expected at the olive garden... The food tasted like it was under a hot lamp for so long it tasted almost hard and also under cooked for the seafood... Not a great experience at the olive garden there are certain things expected... The expectations are not that high shouldnt be that hard to do....,review,eapbAr6Zi5G8rK62gaWT9Q,0,0,0
EcHuaHD9IcoPEWNsU8vDTw,2011-03-25,mQawrfHjo6P00XpQ6MButA,3,"After a business trip, I reeeeeally needed a massage. Facility was alright. I personally think it needs an upgrade.  Right off the bat, the area with the lockers (and really where you would get nakey!) is very public...that's the first area that everyone walks through.

The outside lounge area was also VERY tiny.  I went out there and walked right back in because it was full with little privacy.  By that I mean I walked out there and BAM!  A large naked woman scared me back inside.  Really?  G. D. people!  I'm trying to relax.  Naked out of shape people stress me out!  Just ONCE, I want to see a naked hot person walking around.  And if a woman goes nakey, do some basic maintenance first although that much hair does prevent seeing everything, so it may be a blessing...ugh, you know what?  Just stay clothed.  Please?

But my masseuse totally made up for that.  60 minutes of amazing...I forgot all about business and naked people who should be naked in private! 3 stars because Joelle worked magic! She was great and super friendly.  Even though the facilities weren't the best, I would consider returning for her massage.",review,dEqyN5C0z-9xnwnFw9J_OQ,0,1,1
xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g,2012-09-08,U6JOtnI0fBeVYJhYfYSzbQ,2,Don't get Breonna as your server. Didn't ask if we wanted another drink after we decided to stick to appetizers. She didn't appear to know where the water was or remembered we were at one of her tables. Food was good as always.,review,WKxEVjx7cJI13lSk7ZIqZA,0,0,0
0dIChGWBs9ueUXl0hhkw2w,2009-01-11,BgGyYpjjQInBMbNqE1IMvw,4,"Sketchy name indeed, but their grilled chicken pita sandwich is the bomb! It was filled to the brim with saucy, tasty goodness. I still think about that damn sandwich. I need to go back soon!

Interior was a bit lacking, service was OK, but the food is sooo worth it. Looking forward to trying other things on the menu.",review,Q5dlLCEni_my05az9wIptg,1,1,1
bzXDUQ-5Odzx5WZNoSoANg,2012-01-18,TZCONpt5xdDDJMGqavtfmA,5,"When people feel a cold coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to boost the immune system. I have a much better way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their terrific fried oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the best I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the likes of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an excuse for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.",review,m7vtKWpZ9wdEQ95wJxrMrg,10,10,8
jLxo_UgnGfKHSPK7gGa5LA,2009-04-13,gl10EgTJLqqc-cjmAZco4w,2,"Everything here just seemed so very dry to me.  Like it was mass prepared a few days ago and they reheat it, put sauce on it and serve it.  The sushi felt the same way somehow.",review,CwNFSTYMitNBkw0k2tHWtg,0,0,0
k5ACtpeFvNCWnjizgd2IPQ,2012-04-01,w5x2DR91nNX2TS5nI7dzNg,4,"Clean, modern hotel with spacious suites including decent sized refrigerators (easily accommodates a 30 pack). 
Staff was fantastic and went out of there way to work around hiccups. Local shuttle, free breakfast, managers reception in the evenings; and all within walking distance of Scottsdale Stadium.",review,lk2kaOszLpP7tnVtCJclww,0,1,0
xsSnuGCCJD4OgWnOZ0zB4A,2011-03-22,pBd6ZpP11-_JCezcQxuxLw,4,"Let me just say that The Hungry Monk has everything you need for a good happy hour. TVS surround the bar area, plenty of spacious seating and a friendly staff await your arrival. Definitely a family friendly place as well...

If you get a chance try an entree that comes with pretzel bread as a bun-it was kick-ass! 

Oh, and I haven't been there a lot but I know they have trivia and karaoke nights too.

Good times Hungry Monk!",review,gsyguOgT2Dnjw-OYw14XDw,1,1,0
Lvf3N3cfLAmOc5y8Eg8KDg,2011-08-09,8WOLpxLXdcbBCZboafmDcg,3,"This place was just okay.  While I can't claim to be an expert in Korean food, I am used to the Korean bbq restaurants in Los Angeles and I can say that this place cannot compete with those restaurants.  

First, they didn't seem to have the proper ventilation for Korean BBQ.  I have never been to a place where you could see smoke throughout the restaurant from people cooking at their table.  Second, the service was AWFUL.  It took them forever to just greet us and bring us water and the fact that it was toooo HOT in there did not make us happy to wait 15 minutes for our water or for someone to even acknowledge our presence.  

The food was decent but the seafood pancake was super disappointing.  They didn't even chop up the green onions that they put in it (seriously, like entire stalks of green onion) and it had no seasoning...  I may give this place another shot but as for now, I'd give them 2.5 stars if I could.",review,wwPZ6d9JM62ckIkKdmuYiA,0,0,0
MVQCklTeI9wYVvGxx-wF3w,2012-02-28,jHl3_H8ziVZvXpBT-5aC0w,1,"I always have customer service problems with Fedex.  How the heck did they get to be so big with the crappy way they treat customers?  I use the Internet a lot for purchases and about 60% of the time, they screwed-up and then their customer service has major difficulty fixing the problems.  I have asked for shipments to be held at the closet shipping location to my office and they ship to my home.  Another time I asked for the same thing and they held it at the regional depot instead of where I asked that it be sent.  I can go on and on about the screw-ups I have experienced with Fedex.  

But this time they really pissed me off.  I get a harassing phone calls from a collection agency that says they have been contracted by Fedex to collect an overdue bill from me in the amount of $4000+.  I have asked them for details and all I get is harassment.  So I asked Fedex for help and customer service told me to contact Fedex Revenue Services, which I did.  I told them that I am getting harassing phone calls from XYZ collection agency and the person who keeps calling is named Chris.  I also tell them that the alleged amount owed is $4000+ and the account is supposedly in my name.  So I ask that they investigate and tell me if I indeed have an overdue account in my name for this amount.  (I know I do not have such an account!).  Fedex then tells me that they cannot help me because I have not provided enough information.  WTF?  How much more information can I provide?  Do they want my height and weight?  Maybe my blood type?  Maybe I have to provide the names and birth dates of my children too?

This is why I say that Fedex really blows!",review,fUs5XxOR82Hfrnyl4wi2QQ,0,1,2
dA64XqxzgKiDx_PA-V30HQ,2008-10-31,B2jty3n44AR4INO6LcfU2Q,4,I can only comment on two of the smoothies because I am on a banana kick and I choose from one of the two: the Bananrama or the Peanut Butter Chocolate. Oh so good! And now they do offer more than one size!  I have started getting this for dinner versus food! I love it!,review,vGxEuRrX_UmW5MhOAEpCvQ,2,3,0
9XX-sxaDFXlXO65WnuS65Q,2012-02-12,5lrC5ekGmkv3BVA2InYMLg,3,Great service. Good food. Had baked scallops. Reasonable prices,review,Q07J2TiFSJvO8jpwQNGLMg,0,1,0
AtoMSHZ-lO7kxHRBdioMtA,2009-08-02,xFVs_Ya2YLejW9tKgIvdbw,5,"I was given a $100 gift card to use at Willow Stream Spa last December... I've been waiting for the perfect day to use it since then.  Well, guess what? Today was that day!

With my fiance out of town for the weekend, I took advantage of some much deserved ""Gabi time"" as I like to call my downtime.  I called a few days ago to make an appointment and I asked if there were any specials going on.  Lucky for me, there were several!  The one that was most appealing to me was the ""book any 60 or 90 minute treatment and get a complimentary 30 minute treatment to go with it.""  I chose to book a 60 minute aromatherapy facial and a 30 minute complimentary massage to go with it... I was in heaven!

I'll back up a moment and just say that I've been to the Willow Stream Spa before... years ago.  Today was even more heavenly than I remembered.  I checked in around noon and didn't leave until after 6pm.  I could've stayed longer, but I had to come home to take Minnie out!

The Willow Stream facility is gorgeous and includes every amenity you can imagine... I started out in the fitness room for a quick workout and then took a glorious shower before my massage and facial.  I had Tomi for my massage and she focused on my neck, back, and shoulders... (I've been having shoulder pain so I think she customized this based on my situation).  She was fantastic but with just 30 minutes, it felt like a tease... my facial made it all worthwhile though- it was pure bliss!  Heather was my esthetician and did a fabulous job.  I highly recommend her - she explained every product she was using as I fell in and out of a relaxing sleep while she not only worked on my face but my shoulders, chest, neck, scalp, hands and feet... the products felt amazing and smelled good too.  So much so that I bought a couple on my way out.  

After my services, I had lunch (a delicious salad with veggies and chicken) while I wrote some thank you notes and read my book... It was so peaceful.  It was like an escape from the world and I enjoyed every second of it!

So, bottom line - if you are thinking about getting a spa-lover like me a gift anytime soon, Willow Stream Spa giftcards are always welcome... what an experience!  I'm feeling energized, relaxed, and peaceful.",review,fczQCSmaWF78toLEmb0Zsw,10,10,8
kqGbGsG2p6Y3vkplCKyE9g,2012-07-31,YXeRq81_DMuA3ghAkomJmA,1,"I am *floored* that this place has 4 stars. Literally fell out of my chair, picked myself up, then continued on to write my review. 

The staff is friendly at this restaurant - I'll give them that. It's relatively clean and has decent prices. That's where any positives end. The food here is absolutely disgusting. Nothing has any flavour - no flavour at all. None. Nada. The salsa is peppery water at best, the beans are mush, and the rice just tastes like plain white rice. I had a ground beef burrito, which I'd think would be difficult to mess up... Nope. Not for these guys. The beef itself was unseasoned burnt 80/20 ground beef. There was at least 3lbs of sour cream. And for God's sake -- even the ""cheese mixture"" had zero flavour. I've eaten better pizza boxes. Pass on this places, dudes.",review,g2ihR0ZFKCEnKB7YPviuJQ,1,2,2
jf4RUa9EQO37hqxRCxbEXQ,2011-02-03,DiAbV1ZVNhG98vPkDbgk9A,3,Everything was average.  Fairly clean place.  Banh Xeo had to much bean sprouts.  The proportion of veg to meat was off.,review,s7Tm9oYWqRlBm5ex2OQ1nw,0,0,0
WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ,2011-05-17,QAf7H_gBqOz3WRpFNFPcUw,4,"The Vig is a breath of fresh air as far as the bar scene goes in uptown Phoenix. Nice ambiance, good vibes from both customers and employees, and overall a great concept. Anyone can come here and feel comfortable.

We went for burger night (Monday night people!), not knowing what to expect... Here's what to expect: a giant effing specialty burger (3 to choose from), cooked to perfection, served with a hearty portion of fries or sweet potato fries! FOR 5 BUCKS!

Our waiter was either stoned or really new at his job... I'll give him the benefit of the doubt even though he talked like Jeff Spicolli, and say that he was probably just new. But hey, I'm not gonna bitch on $5 burger night...",review,vuUddBhwlrVijAAFvK5UTg,1,2,1
-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ,2011-01-14,KMdKviFy8oyix7MIsb9Hzg,4,"For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination.  

Although this cozy restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.

This illusion stays well preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything like it, starting with your inability to pronounce ""Yekik Alicha"" (split peas).

But do not be daunted by this new territory.  Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the ""Yekemem Shai,"" a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves.  If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most fantastic combination of dishes you can sample.  Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from ""Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat"" (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the ""Yekik Alicha"" (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).

Once the food arrives, the basket of ""injera"" (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils.  Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the delicious morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth.  You will not be disappointed.  In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.

Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will enjoy the richness and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling.  Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb.  Savory veggies to be enjoyed are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.

For a lovely gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian sweet wine made from honey.

Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an excellent place to bring friends, or a date ;)",review,HjhR3u17OjxD4s8t3toTfg,2,3,0
JLrAD5J7O0xIdtUHb21jvQ,2012-07-24,qn2LW7c8V6-KbFuYavJ56Q,5,"Very friendly staff, cute decor! Small, but don't let that fool you, best sandwiches ever!! The egg salad sandwich was so good, it reminded me of the egg salad I enjoyed as a kid! Their potato salad is made there and soo yummy!! Talked to the owner and she was very nice.",review,8lrTKMjIJ9kt7rfVtjq3qg,1,1,0
52QtjHlHoa7V611bOvv1aw,2010-05-31,7Fy7r6k7pf7m0euNtwAykg,4,"Mmmmm, Mmmmmm, Great food.  The popcorn shrimp here are to die for-they leave a wonderful lasting impression.  So does their desert plate...The service was wonderful and quick and attending to us.  Also, we had been lounging at the pool all day and were not looking so sharp but they didn't seem to have a dress code or anything as they were more than welcoming.  It is a bit pricey but i'm not sure you can expect anything less when going to a W Hotel.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants a more chic sushi experience, cool atmosphere, doesn't mind paying the extra dollar and enjoys tasty food.",review,oHn52UJAeJQJxDOob4FEAw,1,1,0
It8Q9-l1EEtTr9NPpTgGPA,2011-03-13,ZTj7QiH2103O3kPSpNrD-g,2,"This is my first time using Groupon. It's one way to enjoy various cultural experiences without investing too much money just in case. Obviously the restaurant can well benefit from the exposure without costing them too much. It's $20 voucher that I've paid $10 ahead. The restaurant only got $5 I believe. And I did Yelp! extensively before hitting the BUY button.

I understand that it's hard to find authentic foods in USA. Everything is Americanized for one reason or the other. Most Americans I know (not those that I don't know) can't handle strange taste, texture, weirdness, repulsion, and various dislikes. And I know that it's hard to get the same fresh or processed ingredients and spices from home countries.

Those are my pet peeves alright. And there is one more before I get onto the review. Comparison can be deadly.

I have tried Latin American foods (including Yucatan, Oaxaca, Belizean). So my knowledge is nil on Venezuelan foods. But I do have taste buds and experiences from various food cultures.

Overall. It sucked. I was referring to the taste, variety, and uniqueness. It didn't worth my dime. My friend and I had the Media Bandeja (1/2 the regular portion) for $25. The big plates came with 2 big serving of steamed white rice, 2 small cups of black beans sprinkled with cheese, half an ordinary avacado, 2 fried eggs (Chinese style, I cooked that all the time), 2 plain arepas (round flat breads), one chorizo sausage, one blood sausage, 2 scopes of shredded beef, one small steak, few green plantains, and few sweet plantains.

The blood sausage tasted like burned tired. I had blood pudding much tastier and smoother and more colorful that that. I grew up with blood pudding. Yummy!!! That maybe the reason that I'm vicious now. Heed my warning, it's not good for cholesterol.

The steak had tasty flavor; it's ordinary though. I believe it's 5 oz shrunk to 3 oz. The shredded beef reminds me of sloppy Joe. It's OK for the taste. The sweet plantains are regular fried plantains as found in some Chinese buffets or regular dessert menu. It's good for the sweetness but nothing more than that in this restaurant.

If you give me a steam bun or silver thread roll (both are steamed rice dough), I can tell how much salt it contains, the chewing satisfaction, the freshness, and the steamed distinct aroma. And I can eat it plain. Arepas? What's that? It's an tasteless, odorless, chewy carb that didn't excite my taste buds a bit. Boring!!! Honestly, I had no clue how special it was supposed to be. It tasted better after I stuffed avocado and shredded beef inside.

The green plantains were like hard cardboard. Fried carb without taste, but it has a green tinted color.

My friend also ordered Tequenos (fried breaded cheese sticks)... really tiny for $1 each. Chinese egg rolls ($1 each) are twice as big and they are greaser and tastier. (I ain't a size queen).

The Empanada Ham Queso was so tiny with 2-bite size for $4. Come on... are you kidding me!!! Calzones are more complicated and much bigger with ham and cheese and more ingredients, for similar price. (Again, I ain't a size queen).

My point is that it's so ordinary that I couldn't see the cost value especially for Bandeja. I can serve up the same plates at home with minimal cost. I know the restaurant needs to earn money for cooking, serving, paying wages, and renting the space.

We were the only table that night. The wait service was ordinary... between a bus boy and minimalist. The ambient was plain... and not a place you expect to pay $40 for two (before Groupon).

So diners, I enjoy a chance to have a different cultural experience. You should give it a try. Due to a lack of familiarity, the foods tasted bland and boring. I don't feel like gaining any new knowledge except a few words on the foods. I feel like they were serving home cooked meals or peasant foods as ambrosia and they charged accordingly. That's my problem with this restaurant. And I have a totally different experience than the Yelpers here.",review,aJGbFSkf6zCBbadpcD5uow,0,1,0
5U1ArcV-HXR5UlkdQx1a9A,2007-03-05,cKzMqpq04FA5BGbpyy3aSg,1,"HA HAHAHAHAHA! 
""Pit"" is right.... man, this place would have been a terrible idea if i wasn't already expecting lameness.
now occupying the space that has seen the death of not one, but two dance club (411 and Level), Peach Pit Afterdark.... I mean Cherry Lounge and Pit is beyond ghetto.
opened by the same people who do sugar daddy's and dos gringos, this place has all the sexiness and allure of a Trails commercial. You know? I was half expecting to turn a corner to see a neon colored bikini-clad bleached blonde on top of a motor boat. well, they've updated the look of the cage-trapped go-go dancers to mini panties with knee-high dragon rider boots with fuzzy muppet skins adorning them.

the vids of drunken lounge-goers (a la daddy's and now dos) playing in tiny screens on the walls in hallways and behind bars in tact, interspersed with footage of seriously hagard looking chics doing ""sexy"" things like sucking on lollipops, cherries, winking (yes, she was winking right at you, wasn't she? inviting you in to her red-drenched lair to bask in the glow of a alcohol doused club circa 1992).

i'm not sure what the DRESS CODE we were so violently and largely reminded of in line, but the girl in front of me had on an oversized T-shirt, baggy jeans and flip flops (?) and they took her $5 and let her in no problem. i also saw a girl dressed exactly like peggy bundy...no joke, spandex black calf leggings, long spandwex shirt in orange, heels and a giant boob belt. it was so incredible i took a picture. she was not impressed with my observation, so i had to sneak the photo.

anyway.... take it for what it is, a club owned by dos gringos guys on mill ave.",review,7GC9fVWKa4a1ZmBGLH6Uww,2,3,7
732Z5HGLEEBjAgXxfnuXlQ,2011-01-04,yE2Ha-0yns7pM2LPG2PjTA,4,This place has consistently good food on EVERY visit. Lots of choices and really fast service! Lucky to have this so close to work. Check the soup and sandwich combo. Salad bar rocks too.,review,90a6z--_CUrl84aCzZyPsg,0,1,0
kFVapB4z_5VoOnYazF_ERA,2012-03-04,VYfpqw3R6kRMFafzwyjaOA,5,"i love this place and eat there every time I'm in the area.  Pizza, pasta, appetizers all fantastic.  Plan to spend some time waiting for a table.  We always have fun just eating at the bar.  Yumm",review,XG7y5p6ACHkrtlkinvynnQ,0,1,0
9VZ_imQjvgtpt3k6W6AQ_A,2007-07-25,mqqXTVWCzU1UuOLVy2L8eQ,4,"I had a lot of fun at this place.  You know you aren't getting ""authentic"" sushi so you put those expectations aside.  This is a great place for groups like bday parties.  The restaurant isn't that big and they don't take reservations so you end up waiting a while, especially on weekends.  We went on a Sunday night around 7:45pm and had to wait almost an hour.  I recommend getting the sushi boats which is basically an assortment of sushi.  It's a pretty good value for the price.  The miso marinated cod is fantastic, but the shrimp, scallops and garlic spinach dish is just ok.  The scallops dynamite is really rich.  The restaurant is noisy inside so it's not a place for a quiet or romantic date.",review,wlZpcF8plwKlxigp0cNDHg,1,2,0
0kcStBtW94p-ooaaA2PbIQ,2012-08-03,xvPjVMI8dRlK4bNZXAUmvQ,5,This is an awesome family owned business. We've had consistently fresh and delicious food each time we've been here. They homemake things like their ranch dressing to take them to a different level than other places. Highly recommend this place. Prices are not bad either.,review,DbFSdCeJNnc8Bxqg7HXIpw,0,0,0
DjdA1xbHki_lopCSxf-Egg,2010-01-28,eDaeNy-n_LLcnu4yHxSfjg,5,"When cowboys ride off into the sunset, they probably stop at Greasewood Flat for a burger and beer. This rustic little bar is located a bit outside the city right near Pinnacle Peak and is definitely worth the drive! You'll know you are in the right spot when you see the antique farm equipment and suddenly feel like you are walking up to an Old West saloon. Say hello to the mule on your way in. Outside they have picnic tables, horseshoes, and fire pits (gets chilly out there in the desert!), and on the weekends they have live music and dancing. 

Inside, the bar is pretty small, and the place is covered in dollar bills and business cards left by satisfied cowboys and cowgals. For the nights without live music, don't you fret, they have a jukebox with tons of country hits. The night we went it was the bartender's birthday, and the regulars were definitely having a good time.  

Both a historic landmark (120+-year old original stagecoach stop) and a dive bar, Greasewood Flat is clearly special to Arizona, and is a definite must see. I'll be going back on a weekend to get the true Greasewood Flat experience and hopefully see a cute cowboy or two..",review,Vdi-fbSA36s6jffY7iDbXA,0,2,1
S3ccQHpkBQTBBfRB-Q4adg,2010-11-18,vBzCrDzjCBjSknh8CDtRlA,4,"Even though there are only two things on the menu that I can eat, they're damned tasty and the service is incredibly fast.  I am a bit surprised by all the five stars though, you people do realize that this is just a chain sandwich joint, right?",review,f3LA83yEEBMj9q92H28O7w,0,1,0
mxrXVZWc6PWk81gvOVNOUw,2012-06-14,bV7Ifw8Qy30Du_1sYibPIA,5,"Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.",review,h3TnHCqFga0VgPO390PjKA,1,3,1
DrTsV4u-X6hft0aRjKCwMg,2012-02-13,-QmJankXPnkCGXSqmzYT5w,4,"Had to bring my wife's necklace here to be repaired. Service was great, the pretty looking girls were very helpful. In all, we had a very good experience. Looks like we will be coming back soon. Wife had her eyes on something?",review,UCQNrwN4_hHHTWYa8cqe_Q,0,1,0
9tSHBEoAhKu-tkU8n6SKjA,2012-08-06,1jpfvBAxAI57ljgQZUFuXw,4,"Love spicy Mexican food? Well then this is the place for you. They have great food, great service and great beers to choose from. My family and I go here often.",review,jT1XoRAy5l-HBiAacyh9Tg,0,1,0
L3BSpFvxcNf3T_teitgt6A,2012-04-19,mcI2uOYjPmlaUeT7Pggpkg,4,"If your boyfriend is a baseball player and is in Spring training.... Watch out for the heat...as it gets SOOO HOOOOOT and SOOOO DRY...... i literally had to stand with my legs apart and my hands on my waist to air what needs to be aired.

Yup. Support thy boyfriend..... I can't wait to come back here this May for Minor League Spring training! I probably will be wearing a bikini and a see through dress. 

But really..I've never seen fields so well managed here... I've only been to where the Royals practice....and It's quite amazing! This May, i'd definitely see games at the Texas side.",review,325QatjmjSgREU53oS917Q,0,0,0
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ,2011-07-18,H74-hkCQUFJqVSeynipJEQ,4,"Great Crust. Great ingredients.  Worth the hype of Peter Reinhart's book American Pie?   Not sure.   It was great though.

No fresh ice tea kepts it from getting 5/5.",review,wesv2JOGalpF1OALPoyZqw,0,0,1
jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g,2012-06-29,mdB17tYuqe7oP6kRUCL03A,4,"I've been to China Magic Noodle many times over the years; it's one of my husband's favorite places to eat. The employees are friendly and prompt to provide service.

I always get #34 (Beef, Noodles, w/XO sauce) or the #27 (Seafood Noodle Soup) and love both. The noodles plates are big; unless you are a big eater, expect to take some home. The mango smoothie w/boba is also delicious; you can taste the fruit and know it's fresh.

I agree w/some of the other reviewers regarding the smell - this place definitely has a ""smell"" to it, who knows what it is - but it's not a disgusting/offensive smell. Overall the place is clean, the service is good, and the food is great!",review,1WMpiFX4oNeET9SXszBSwQ,0,1,0
9ggd0DySEZNw990JGaFSQQ,2010-06-28,wQ6JvcxUtNTqV921FgleZw,4,"Another indoor (two-story) Westcor Mall that has gone through a few minor changes over the years (updating the restrooms in the Food Court area, adding Dick's as another anchor store, adding the kid's play area, etc...). It's also seen many big and small Retailers come and go too.

When this mall opened back in 1994, Robinsons-May was the ONLY store open before the rest of the mall. There were empty fields in the surrounding areas and orange grooves in other parts. It's hard to believe, but the ONLY restaurant open at the time in the area was Applebee's across the street.

Fast forward to today, the Mall still attracts shoppers from all over, since it's the ONLY indoor mall in the West Valley (not counting Desert Sky Mall-don't go there!).

Anchor stores: Macy's, Forever 21 (in the former Mervyn's building), Dick's Sporting Goods, JC Penny's, Sears (formally Montgomery Wards), and Dillards.

AMC Movie Theater is located inside the mall.

Besides the Food Court, there is a Chevy's, Johnny Rockets, and Miracle Mile Deli.

Some newer Retailers include: Sephora, Coach, Disney Store (they came back!), Apple, Swaroski, and J. Jill. The mall stays pretty full of Retailers, once in awhile, there are a couple of empty stores, but not for very long.

This is still a popular family friendly mall to visit and shop. Westcor keeps it updated and clean.",review,CP-IE-zyc2Mv3jlaceElVQ,1,8,1
mqQwChPNN4o4DhAzaGntIA,2007-12-01,u0gBoNNJkSR0MKs6sr1NUQ,4,"Food : Fried. Carbs. Cheese. Yum.

Selection: Main specialty and dessert. Sufficient. 

Price: Under ten bucks a pop. Great.

Parking: Sucks! I nearly died after having to park across the street (no room at the inn) via a running jaywalk across the 7th ave midday madness. However, I don't care. Gluttony is so worth it.

Hours are rather limited. Better for me anyway, otherwise I'd have to start popping Lipitor because you'd probably find me here way too often.",review,lFa_Rh34tK6hSPYAZZ8Jyg,0,0,0
ky6G0NMJZg96mfXpgDiopQ,2012-01-08,eyzRIGw-KkaQu1eSmFTN4g,4,"Best prices in Phoenix nice ladies,   will do exactly what you ask with your hair",review,jIHaXo4-KR9kvh2J7eMkIA,0,0,0
mqQwChPNN4o4DhAzaGntIA,2010-11-05,zw2jx70RaKSE5k1sW9e3Gw,2,"The fry bread in itself was great, it is just what goes inside it is not that great. I have been wanting to come here for a long time since I have heard so much about it. I got a bean and cheese fry bread and the beans came half smashed with whole pinto beans in it, which I can't stand. The beans are not very flavorful when they are whole. The cheese was a thick shred which didn't melt and it was altogether disappointing. 

My partner got the fry bread with ground beef which he said was not flavorful at all. It was like they just cooked the beef with no flavoring at all. Maybe they were having a really off night? Yelp, why have you been betraying me lately? I keep going to these great reviewed places and they suck.",review,7C-jyTrOX-iJ-MrSJuh-8A,1,4,4
S8O3BoCDEK-te8U-0IvZog,2011-08-11,k7Xr66X9YcQLbTFV5yE7lg,5,i love the $5 happy hours. all the dishes are a great value and delicious!,review,xZvRLPJ1ixhFVomkXSfXAw,2,3,0
aDBT5MB0L2JCUo3kqgFRJw,2012-05-10,xAIBrFbhZE8xfchmS_LtOQ,4,"The owner is extremly friendly. Great place as all the other Yelpers have said. I ordered the Blackened chicken sandwich with patato salad. Not too spicy, but just right. The patato salad was extremly good. If your out and about in the afternoon looking for lunch, stop in here.",review,DuwTSY4hS03iHS_UuBW3_w,0,1,0
zyCrtvCPdSZDhUrH86vbeA,2012-03-20,iaSTYxw91xc0VxoHydtX6A,3,"I'm gonna have to hide this review from my girlfriend who is from Wisconsin and a big Brewer fan. To be honest, this is my least favorite stadium to go to because of its location and just overall mediocre atmosphere. It has an outfield grass area, but it is kinda boring. Maryvale is a no frills ballpark, so if you are going to a Spring Training game to actually watch some baseball, this is the stadium for you. If you want to go for the game, the scene and overall experience, I'd recommend a stadium in Scottsdale. For what it's worth, a friend of mine says this is his favorite Spring Training stadium, but frankly I think he feels that way since it was the one stadium he actually played in while in college. I personally like to go to a game and then head over to some bars or restaurants, but at this stadium I check out the game and then get the hell outta there!",review,34gJ_KlP3RM6jotNT6TcDQ,3,3,2
m9Wqqma30o-hH2fAX7dnug,2012-01-24,IkGG3SeJxcx1_dd9krzKIg,5,"It's high time I wrote a review for Desert Jade. I grew up on their food. So many amazing family memories were created here so it's tough for me to go anywhere else and be quite as happy. The owners know my family and are always ready with a hug. This is truly a real-deal Phoenix institution. I have so many favorite items but here are few must-tries: chicken lettuce wraps (I'd been eating these here looooong before so-called ""fusion"" joints like PF Chang's had them on their menu), sizzling rice chicken, sesame chicken, Desert Jade chow mein, honey-dipped chicken wings, any one of their delicious soups. So much to choose from and it's all done exceedingly well with true consistency. Support a local, family-run joint for truly fabulous Chinese food!",review,Xdu24yBabw0uq4GzKBhWaA,0,0,0
dHgoX3L2AKYixgH8hmJjfA,2012-08-28,H_J93X4GgNmQFDMnCNMw0w,5,"I wish that this place were not so good - I have not been able to drink the coffee at my office in weeks.  The location that One Coffee occupies used to be a coffee shop graveyard.  Several coffee houses went out of business in this location, unable to compete with Starbucks.  One Coffee has bucked that trend and it is not hard to see why.  One Coffee has great coffee and it is amazingly consistent.  The staff is always friendly.  This place is certainly doing something right; everytime I go in there it has more and more customers.",review,Yl8pSOZnIBNTnKoRWK_RIA,1,1,1
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2012-06-21,FfEgFSokdC4KtbM3KdL_tw,3,"I don't know why it is that all these airports have such a major lack of seating.  The staff here are friendly, and security is quick, but I just wish they'd work on the gate areas and add more seats.  Need an example?  Sacramento International's new terminal.",review,tVdp2HWbzP-5E06e1MveoA,0,0,0
JuyVq7GwY5EZ_gL5cGfPiA,2012-01-12,nSvicNy_UTfQtp6s7HqdHA,1,"I bought a deal off of Living Social and waited a while to call them, figuring they'd be swamped with business. Now I can't get them to call me back so I can use my deal. (NOTE: There were no reviews of this company on Yelp BEFORE the Living Social deal.) Of course, Living Social is no help - their website says I need to call a consumer advocate in my area. This kind of thing, I predict, will be the demise of every deal-of-the-day site: the company selling the deal bears no risk of having to pay refunds if the business providing the goods or services doesn't perform. I have since cancelled my subscriptions to EVERY deal-of-the-day email out there. Lesson learned about TWO companies with no ethics.",review,hqJuL8kEWfKf_MmLBWfY5g,0,0,0
d52zg-S0o940WUCK-nNiKw,2011-02-02,TZmsOo25aK-xJBsTpAY_wQ,4,"A classic hole in the wall mexican restaurant and a Phoenix icon. Known best for their machaca and their hot, freshly made flour tortillas. Good food at great prices.

For a photo of the best chimichanga in Phoenix and a full review, check out my blog post: http://blog.phosyzzle.com/carolinas",review,S_PtppfOHr4f1_gqYAyRjA,0,1,0
OdD1GuGNQ64ssJmMJ_D9RQ,2011-01-24,NsG07wXTODXZ4_klP-b-6A,1,"The Duce is a disaster. 
As an Arizona native and a downtown local I root for cool interesting places downtown. I wanted to love this place. The 1st time we tried the Duce I was extremely let down by the customer service. The parking is atrocious. It's as if you are inconveniencing the staff by asking where you order food. They were out of just about everything we wanted to order. So disappointing. 
However I decided to give them a second shot. Everyone has a rough night. We went to an event there last night the entertainment by Scandalesque was AMAZING... same TERRIBLE customer service from the staff at the Duce. Management needs to wake up. Great concept. Horrific customer service and staff.",review,VJAcgA7zTolWhp1OuSKR3w,2,7,1
APgL23vh7f7H_wAGTl57xQ,2008-09-06,hqthMrQsUIpZOqUph4aJ6w,5,"NOTE: Ignore the reviews above. It looks as if there is some deliberate attempt by the Udupai owners to pose as members and bash this place. Yes, this owner used to own Udupai Cafe and Udupai Cafe is another dosa house that competes with this eatery.  If you read my other reviews, you know that I'm critical and  my attention to detail is there so I'm not one of these people who likes every place he eats at.

Positives
I'm Indian and I can assure you this place is good. I have never been to Udupai Cafe but based on its failing health inspections, I would be scared to eat there. Woodlands is a nice CLEAN eatery in a nice part of Chandler.  It's not a restaurant.  It's basically a Dosa shop. They  specialize in Dosa and offer several types. They also have excellent Indian Chinese dishes.   The food is consistently good and I have eaten there on several occassions.  This is a lunch/light dinner place.  Don't think of this place like a restaurant.  There are several types of Dosa and that's what this place specializes in.  The restaurant is also modern and not is some ghetto strip mall so don't worry about failing health codes here...at least not for a while.

Negatives
Their non-South Indian dishes are not so good. For non-Indians, they should be informed that this is a Dosa house so order dosa and other south Indian dishes.  Don't order your typical Indian restaurant favorites like palak paneer (it wasn't good here).   The owner also says every dish is excellent which isn't true; he is kind of a businessman so he doesn't really care about telling you which dishes stand out.  Stick to the Dosa and the Vegetable Manchurian.  Their mango shake wasn't very good. Their chiku shake is great.",review,GkWuTgewni9bzPM4HUCO-g,2,3,0
IvErHIfI6MzCu0zYJgRrhw,2012-08-01,ptYY2iyDVK_HQTwgl3pKag,5,"Mail Call is a full service shipping store. The owners are great-they are friendly and accommodating. I purchase shipping supplies from them are their prices are very fair, much less than a larger place up in the airpark. They take care all of my local needs and get the job done. Kudos to Mail Call!",review,JeYk23C6S1BIw1roLc6sxg,0,0,0
39oUcXr-06fcfT_MZ94z-Q,2008-03-20,55LM-uIiY2deeWomjuA5VA,4,"I've been eating at Hap's since they were in a trailer in a parking lot on 24th and Jefferson. And for those of you who have don't hail from the south, you will find this to be extremely good BBQ. I always opt for the 2 meat combo dinner with smoked lamb and pulled pork (sometimes beef brisket). Served up with cornbread and mashers plus BBQ sauce and mint sauce on the side. My one gripe is they don't serve corn on the cob. Head over just before or after the busy lunch hour and escape the wait in line. 

I don't see Honey Bear's getting New Times Best of Phoenix consecutive years in a row. Not to say that Honey Bear's isn't good but I guess it depends on what kind of BBQ sauce you like since the sauce makes it. Hap's was also highly regarded in Sunset Magazine's Best of the West and several other publications hung on their wall.",review,RRTraCQw77EU4yZh0BBTag,2,3,0
1621ir5mjVgbHwxCbMAEjg,2012-01-01,7JeaEtlIOunTbpkviFO3Hg,5,"I love the other locations of Thai Rama and this one is no exception! Food is fast, fresh tasting and well seasoned. The lunch specials are unique and delicious, and the service is good. Far superior to the Char's Thai restaurant that used to be in the same location.",review,O8w525BpmlvbocQRhavfmQ,0,0,0
K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw,2012-01-25,Mh3lDYB-TXpeP8OelTw_Xw,4,"I visited this location a few months ago for the first time, and returned for my second visit the very next day. 
I got their standard chicken and waffle plate on my first visit, and just chicken and macaroni the next day.
Both visits were pleasant and the food was delicious.
My only criticism is that the waffles I got were a bit on the thin side. I've had chicken and waffles from many different soul food places all over the US and in comparison LoLo's waffles were just okay. The chicken on the other hand was A+. It was tender and juicy and well fried.
I see myself coming back here again.",review,ESrdXpT1yF7KZX52bPpnJg,0,0,0
Lvf3N3cfLAmOc5y8Eg8KDg,2009-05-25,GT2qspVs31iYw09RUyJWkw,5,"This is a great place in an extremity of the Valley. They serve both Korean and Japanese food. They are quick and attentive. Having lived in South Korea for two years, I can honestly admit that this is some of the most authentic Korean cuisine I've had in Phoenix. I typically ate bibimbap once a week minimum over there and I can't really tell the difference between Takamatsu's version and the stuff I had on the other side of the Pacific. I noticed they offer a list of other, more obscure foods I learned to love over there, including naengmyeon (cold, spicy noodles), japchae (stir-fried glass noodles), and several other dishes. They also follow tradition and bring you several side dishes. Love it or hate it, kimchi accompanies every meal, as do spicy bean sprouts, a tangy spinach dish and a few other random sides. It's a little bit more expensive than average restaurant prices in the Valley, but definitely worth it when you consider the sides that come with it, and a complimentary spiced tea for ""dessert.""",review,9mjItdXixKECanLV6RBIrw,1,1,0
g2be7RLUWSbow_p5AUjBwA,2012-07-03,f8wzCOA8hF6qSQIVfEBkDA,1,"Dr. Pierrend is ok, he will write prescriptions for about anything without really investigating if the are needed but he seems like a nice guy. The staff are horrible. They tried to charge me 2 times for lab results which are covered by my insurance. Refused to give me the results without billing insurance for an office visit. I would not recommend this medical provider to anyone. Everyone in my family has gone to PMG and has a bad story to tell. If you are smart you will look elsewhere for medical help",review,-YajQUo9WA1n7A1w8nic8g,0,0,0
xtX2qS64zP2NRPV_7NNqHw,2011-12-08,GTu-AyZ6M5XqTWUoPtMwvg,3,"I'm sure this is a lovely Spa and Resort; sadly I was here for a conference.  Being the good worker I am, I did not see the pools, spas, or golf course.  I saw the conference rooms, my hotel room, and the restaurants.  I have to say the hotel rooms were nice, very large, each with a little patio.  The restaurants ands bar are all super expensive and not worth the price - but if you are sans-car you are trapped.  The saving grace here is the little 'coffee shop' by the entrance.  There they have very tasty sandwiches and beverages for a decent price - grab some eats there and go sit outside or on your patio.  You'll feel trapped on the complex...18 bucks will get a town car to take you to Old Town.  To get back to the hotel, go into a restaurant and ask them to call a cab for you...its hard pressed to find cabs on the street (least it was in the afternoon where I went into town).",review,oJemHCiaTaFJhCGYA9F1qA,0,0,0
cIQ5qYFvkI6kIFGgHXsFTA,2008-12-26,OsxQ1UfucWBr2bbzaznY8A,5,"Fabulous place to get wine, beer, spirits.  It also has amazing keg selection.",review,_aguQTUp7kMlWhWr2mojdA,0,0,0
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw,2012-04-08,NiM3h6kuLz9u9XDvFNOqpg,5,"Best bruschetta I have had here. Good wine selection as well.

My favorite bruschetta are:
-smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, truffle oil
-roasted chicken, sundried tomatoes, goat cheese
-pulled pork, housemade pesto, roasted red pepper
-mozz, basil, roma tomato, qc olive oil & balsamic",review,uq1y9VRH9vOy91x8f4TQSg,0,0,0
7TMf1NuuAdvhG7IojZSKnw,2011-05-24,CyJM2RUAZPXDSqeTduXdYA,2,"Came here on a Friday night to split some wings and a cheeseburger with the lady.  Well, if you want to split a burger they charge you $1.50 for this.  Hmm.  Why were my wings not charged an additional $1.50?  I understand their thought process but we were not hungry enough to order 2 dishes and waste food.  Also, for a sports bar on a Friday night, I expect beers to be continually full, not waiting 10 minutes in between.  I'll be back for the wings and for a change but the customer service definitely will be remembered.",review,S_LAaGC89w7oW5SXKQO2tQ,0,2,0
EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg,2011-01-30,L3vTxnQ6l4gBmbP15Rb-BQ,4,"Had the pleasure of enjoying House of Tricks last night, for the second time in the past twelve months.

With a party of six, I was excited to get to see a range of dishes and try out most of the menu via my dining companions choices.  The restaurant, found in Tempe near ASU, is not hard to find and houses both indoor and outdoor seating.  The outdoor seating is where we ended up last night and between the fire pit in the middle of the grounds and the abundance of trees/greenery, the setting works quite well.  

Our party was seated immediately and without problem, the night was off to a solid start.  Our waitress, Jamie, was both friendly and courteous.  Jamie had a great understanding of the menu, the specials and especially the wine.  Her recommendations for multiple members of the party worked out perfectly.  Each person in our party ordered an appetizer and off we went.

I had the pork belly, on Jamie's suggestion. Other choices within our party included the salmon cake, sweetbreads two ways, and the scallops.  I thought the pork belly was great. It had a pea puree as a base sauce and some baby carrots that just killed.  The scallops were tasty and cooked perfectly.  The sweetbreads two ways were a bit of a letdown.  As a lover of sweetbreads, I have had the pleasure of tasting some of the best variations of there preparation. These were just not that great.  They weren't cooked properly and the seasoning was lacking.  This would be the only lacking dish of the evening.

For the entree, I had the pork osso bucco.  This was a real treat, cooked evenly, tender and tasty.  Other entree selections around the table included the ahi tuna, the salmon, and the duck.  The tuna was the standard seared variety on a bed of mashed potatoes.  Both diners who chose this selection were quite satisfied.  My companion had the duck and while she certainly enjoyed the dish, she found the duck slightly fatty.  All around, the entrees were solid and plates were cleaned.  

With little room left for dessert, we ordered three selections for the table to share.  All were good and once again our plates were cleaned off.  The dessert best was agreed upon to be the homemade smore the restaurant produces.  

All in all, this is a solid restaurant with a good atmosphere and good service.  I would eat here again and recommend you to do the same.",review,E57V8rkRheDr5g_9MNAQwA,0,1,0
3HciJAVduCRoPDdzgh7cAA,2007-08-02,u9Y4kSGD7tRIy3UP1e_UoQ,4,"My vintage shopping in the Phoenix area has been disappointing so far. Goodwill, Salvation Army, and Savers are in their separate boat of cheap stuff that is rarely vintage.  Buffalo Exchange shouldn't even be called vintage, because it is not. 

It is much more of a consignment store. Most of the things are new (or lightly worn) and are cheaper than retail prices but more expensive than Goodwill. The selection really isn't bad. I have found a few things here I am really happy with. 

Example: A sweet pair of orange high heels from Steve Madden I think. (I don't really give a crap about brand names, I buy things because I like em, no matter the name). They were thirty bones (not too cheap) but probably a lot less than they would have been at the mall (I am guessing, 60?).

Its still a fun store despite the vintage confusion. Everyone who works there I think gets all the good clothes first because they are always so freakin' adorable! Super friendly (not the fake kind either, can you believe someone is f*cking the handshake in this metropolis?). 

So get over there. You will find some good stuff. Just don't even bother selling anything unless it is high end brand name or the best vintage find you have ever gotten (and that one is even not a guarantee).",review,Rk95w-MMDzXzIvCF0SJUtQ,0,3,0
OovMUso3GHEuvwDObeHy0Q,2012-03-24,daHByG4KO0Bsjohfk8O0mA,5,"If you want Cheap go to Walmart! 

But if you want authentic eclectic trinkets that you will proudly own and showcase in your home this is the place for you!",review,PZ9FB1czAYXuxLH7eegBvQ,0,1,0
gyPSkAFyz_fQLX1KOEI5Qg,2012-12-15,wpdE7zStXo1i1FamFBr__w,1,"Very unpleasant experience. Creepy male doctor. Uncaring. And no help.

I went to this Urgent Care with a swollen ankle so painful that I was nauseous, dizzy and having vision problems. The doctor interrogated me and advised me to get my head examined. I'm not kidding. 

Mom was right: good doctors don't advertise. This place actually solicits Yelp reviews.",review,hGitwL2Ixiq3C6mJyQrlPw,0,0,0
oWb5JjxoPaFSmpGwJ3-Ntg,2010-01-26,tG3SHTfIlRwr2B02aO9-ZQ,2,"BLAH is really all I can think of.  Blah, Blah, Blah.

Everything tasted the same.  Everything!  I got an open chicken burrito which is basically a burrito in a bowl, opened.  It had chicken, rice, cheese, peppers, onions and the shell.  

I ate a piece of chicken, tasted like the grill.  I ate some rice, tasted like the **Burnt** grill. I ate an onion, tasted like the grill.  I are a pepper, tasted like the grill.  I ate the cheese, tasted like a burnt grill with cheese on top. 

YUCK!  I ate about 4 forks full and was so disgusted I had to chuck it.

Fail of an airport dinner to the max!",review,g3z_RHT1oBH8e8vKcAUhTQ,5,11,5
-AAig9FG0s8gYE4f8GfowQ,2012-11-17,ncJBYqQhYA-ZOPa3D_qj2Q,5,Huge Fan of this place. People in the food industry should take a lesson from these guys as they have great customer service. Huge fan of the sandwiches.,review,vRWaXe7TfFvFgwkdzJL2cg,0,0,0
Y-9dJvw-J2d9QKfuL7mKgA,2011-11-15,wUXxGGEKHT3ThSCptUx4kA,4,"I like Over Easy. The former location had more charm but this one is bigger and you don't have to wait as much :)
The food is great and the owners are wonderful and friendly. 
We just ate breakfast there. I got the 3 eggs over easy with mushrooms. The eggs were way too raw. I told the server about it and I asked to just get 2 eggs over easy instead of remaking the dish as the kid in the table was getting grumpy. That's what I ate for breakfast. The server didn't take it off the bill. I wouldn't say anything about it but I didn't get to eat the dish I wanted but still got to pay for it. Not cool.
The Ppllo Loco is great ! 
Hopefully this is a one time issue and the owners are still on top of everything like they used to be.",review,bKKVpwp1ERdWUl4lqc8ChA,0,0,0
-UnYs8XvV1M983xZoREdng,2011-01-23,fDDWVaufzskYB9YeDIoVIw,4,"Tried this place through Groupon.

Don't have a palette or interest in wine types, so I can't talk about the wine quality. I had all their sweet wines and liked them.

The cheese plate had four of them, I wouldn't say they were uniquely different from one another. There was sage derby, brie, mahon and something else. One of the crackers that came with the plate was very hearty and nice, the other was horrible - like oily tortilla chips that weren't fully fried. The plate also came with cranberries, apricots, grapes, olives and salted nuts and seemed like a good value. 

Overall though I had a good time, and thought the combination of wines and cheeses I had was good. The decor was typical AZ type, brown and beige. They had live music. We sat at the tasting bar but there were groups at tables too. Outdoor seating was available too. Saturday evening was full but not overcrowded.

The person who attended on us was very nice - Christine I believe her name was. Another guy who talked to us first thing when we sat down asked and classified us as Groupon or non-Groupon, which felt weird but I guess that reflects how many Groupon customers they had had. He also said ""you are not drinking to make me happy, you're drinking to make you happy"" when we asked him if he had recommendations which I thought was weird at best.",review,Gk3VxZ95do0-WgeVuGMVWA,0,0,0
0QTn4pMzKv1mnQifcP9YoQ,2012-04-26,kO5Ar0XS52-cVdmJEOFtbA,4,"To quote my boyfriend, we like this place because ""they're solid."" Every time we order here, the food is great and fresh. I always get their sweet and sour chicken and I am never disappointed. Instead of chicken chunks coated in batter, this place uses a chicken breast with batter that I would describe to be a thin tempura like batter. There is no excess batter or fat chunks to deal with it. The service is fast and we see the same waiter every time we eat here. This is the my go to place for Chinese food.",review,obeCL4RSBKnG_LiO9dvE4A,0,1,0
nlFlIeziD-4nNUF2B337Yw,2011-12-10,2Ljr0rFBkyDzjK_o3Vmo8Q,4,"This was my first time to Sekong By Night.  I have had Khmer food before, which is ironic, as my wife is from Vietnam, but never had Khmer food from Cambodia.  She has to come to the USA to experience Khmer food!!  I have eaten Khmer food in San Francisco CA, and in Siem Reap.

Both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised with Sekong By Night.  It looks like a tiny little forgettable restaurant from outside on the street, but once you step inside. you can see the owner put some thought into the decor.  It really looks Asian.  It is as though the owner went on a shopping trip to Phnum Penh and came back with tons of artwork for the place.  

The Amok fish is really nice.  Reminded me of a cafe I had dinner at in Siem Reap some 9 years ago when I was seeing Angkor.  The fish was fresh.  My wife wanted to switch with me (she ordered the Katheaw Cha).  

The Katheaw Cha is also very good.  

I ordered a Coconut Juice as my drink expecting it to be canned.  It was fresh, and smelled fresh (a pleasant surprise!!!)

My wife ordered the Grass Jelly drink, and it was also good.  

I really wish that this place was in Mesa AZ, as I would go more often.  Maybe so, I will make the drive again to this place from Mesa as appropriate.  This place was a pleasant surprise and I wish the owner great success.  I want this restaurant to succeed.  

The only place where the Khmer food was better (for me) was Siem Reap, but then it is perhaps a little unfair to compare a restaurant in the USA to what really is available in Cambodia.",review,7knTjXA1lNJw7AMIIJi4YQ,0,0,0
jf4RUa9EQO37hqxRCxbEXQ,2009-09-09,qz5qGlXt08a0T4Wo-_6gow,5,"My daughter and I got a recommendation from our nail tech at Scottsdale nails. WE LOVE VIETNAMESE FOOD and I was so glad to find this place. It is as good as what I used to get in Oakland, CA. The location is a little strange but once you are inside the interior is nice and tranquil and the service is very friendly. We enjoyed our noodle soup and spring rolls and we will be back for more!",review,eDjNezOwrm7l0fuEiiXEbA,0,1,0
QC6UE93iVkVIjs6MphM56g,2010-10-20,9NdXuuGm6KrdmF3KwXYPSA,5,"I have been attending Az Combat for the past 9 years and the instructors are fantastic. They teach Kickboxing, Jui-jitsu and MMA classes. Az Combat was one of the very first MMA Gyms in Arizona and have a great reputation as one of the top 10 training gyms in the nation. My daughter has also been at this school for the same amount of time and has taken advantage of many of the classes they offer including their boot camp. I would highly recommend this gym for beginners and the advanced  looking to break into the MMA circle. They have produced some of the top named fighters in Arizona.",review,vwkbXfn1j6yDGcv9VgePaw,0,0,0
dSQh1Hx2BiSrYog4ad740A,2009-09-07,7ozpbLGsgDRNh8x8HaLfVw,4,"It was a rainy Saturday, yes, that's right, it was raining and hot and muggy!  UGH!  But when it rains I just want to go sit in a coffee shop and people watch or just relax a little.  And I don't have a coffee pot at home right now.  Yes, I know, it's somewhat sacriligious for someone such as myself who is a caffine addict.  Sad, but true.  I just needed my fix and it's that time of year people.....the Pumpkin Spice Latte is BACK!!!  HOORAY!!!  It is my all time favorite!!

This is the closest Starbucks to where I live.  Just a few blocks away.  When my friend took me here the first time she told me it was the ""gay"" Starbucks.  Yup, I think that is safe to say.  I'm straight but if I were gay, dang, I'd probably be here more often.  I like this location though.  It never seems to be super busy and there is always a place to sit weather it's inside or out.  It's clean and the staff are friendly.  It also helped that I was cleaning out my wallet and found a Starbucks gift card.  Score!  

There is not much else located near this Starbucks.  The Good Egg, which looks like somewhere I might try, and Jamba Juice but sadly, it looks like just about everything else has closed up in this little strip mall.  Too bad because it must have been a hoppin place a few years back.  

I may have to go back soon......like, today, maybe....I'm getting another craving for my fave PSL!!!  YUM!!  And now they have a PSL Frap!  I have not tried it yet but I will.  Sounds like pumpkin pie through a straw!  Yum-O!",review,ZmIgP4U4Ht9CYmNX0_zP6w,5,5,5
OFBJtqWGSx6n6CchtVmoRw,2011-08-07,AW2O80o5Na3t1LSLWrJiQw,5,"Delux is always really good, fresh, and it's a clean place too! I love the beet salad with chicken added. It's delish! My man digs the burgers and we both scarf the sweet potato fries. Love their dipping sauce that comes next to the ketchup, Ah-mazing!",review,wC1CPV5bf--bDLtlhNSPLg,0,2,0
Dsvx2LEC8jk9nuGsg1Kqhg,2012-10-29,5sxHw2-iHV7TGtGqAhuPwA,3,Great place to grab some quick groceries.,review,wDAAn0HlnuZQnfga6CVIKQ,0,0,0
5M7YgorCUTEZkKYNbKDHTA,2012-12-13,ExfxEsWMVJJIjfQL6uFK8g,1,"ZERO stars!
I traveled from STL to SFO a few weeks ago (with a layover in PHX). I have a couple complaints;
One, I was checking 2 pieces of luggage in STL. One ended up being 14lbs. over weight (it was a cooler with food I bring home each year from my dad). I was charged an additional $90 on top of the $35 initially for the cooler to ship (including the $25 for my first bag- so $150 total)! This is an OUTRAGEOUS additional charge! I thought overweight bags were charged an additional $25 like other airlines I've had to pay at but $120 to ship one bag is just insane (and a set price for overweight bags is NOT listed on your website)! On top of that I paid $250 for a pet ticket so my baggage fees were $400 total... $100 more than my round trip ticket to fly. I couldn't believe that!
On another note, the woman agent helping me at STL was the most rude customer service agent I've ever dealt with anywhere! She was rude to me about the overweight baggage and then claimed my dog was too tall to fit in her carrier so she claimed she wouldn't allow her to fly. She raised he voice at me and called me ""a very inhumane person"" for making a dog ride like that for a whole flight; seriously making me cry. I fly all over the country to do shows with my dog and this has never been a problem, including on the first leg of my trip when I bought the round trip dog ticket in SFO. This woman name-calling was totally inappropriate... people in line beside me were astonished. Since I had my round trip dog ticket purchased already, and she was sick of fighting with me over it, she let me go but told me the gate person probably wouldn't let me on the flight (and of course the gate person did).
Between the dog crate episode and the bags, I have never been treated so poorly and charged with such ridiculously high adage fees. I'm very disappointed to not be able to fly US Air anymore since I never had problems with them in the past. It was a horrible way to end a very nice holiday vacation.
I have passed the word on to as many people and websites as possible not to fly this airline!",review,g5KKeR1V_5sejmom9S70fg,0,0,1
VFjeCLwVMguUNWH-DeOgyw,2008-08-21,Qr9H2_b0GiPrVwV-4tWcJg,4,"Given the high ratio of staff to customers, it took longer than expected to get acknowledged. However, my drink came out quickly, as did my food. The menu items all had cheesy names based on the Fox sportscasters, but that, along with the 24 TV's playing (you guessed it) sports, made it rather entertaining. The food quality was surprisingly good for an airport sports bar--burger was tasty, bacon was crispy but not burnt, and made with actual sharp cheddar cheese. 

Service was good too. Lorraine refilled my drink the instant it was empty, cleared the dishes and offered the check within a minute of pushing them away, and brought the receipt almost immediately. If I'd been rushing to catch a flight, I think I""d have been fine. Burger, fries, and unlimited Coke, plus tax and tip for just under $17; not too bad for an airport.

Overall, it was a bit like the US Olympic swimmers I was watching while I ate--a tad slow off the blocks, but came back impressively to win the gold.",review,6Y5cVScAQzRYF826jbjLzQ,1,2,1
_ilvDGnUKCpfp4qHvQODlA,2009-09-14,Zrlm6xskhaJEZ9dIQof0pw,3,"We ordered from here the first day in our new home, also the first NFL Sunday this season. I was expecting about an hour wait. They quoted me 45 minutes for delivery, and when the doorbell rang after 20 I thought it was solicitors or perhaps neighbors coming to welcome us into the neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised that it was our food. 

We ordered a mushroom pizza (meh), and wings and chicken tenders - both very tasty. We're used to more thin crust pizzas, NY style I guess? so this was a bit doughy, but the garlic herb crust was yummy nonetheless. Not sure if we'll order from here again, unless we don't find our NY style place, but it was still good.",review,weYT-xJwz8o7mLNWIhD6HA,1,4,1
BnVJmCTNrO8ZtbC1vkv9Zg,2011-07-12,IvCjrNrLAysq-eKA7oaKrg,1,Bad... food was horrible... do not waste your time or money,review,fyeY3Qqz-vAfKbv2cjniOw,1,0,0
kBRRKc8Iq7yMt1egofks_A,2006-02-18,v1cZKbl5NJXPEEuGbqPmNw,5,"Nicely edited selection of mid to high end electronics.    Knowledgeable and professional staff.  These guys (and gals) know what they are talking about and will go the extra mile in terms of customer service.  



Thinking about splurging on a home theater?  Ask for Scott.  He will listen to you and help you build your dream system within your budget.  He will even respond to your hi-fi emergencies (eg. the guests are arriving for your Super Bowl party and you don't remember how to work the mission control style remote).",review,e4TQFVfepzHf--hnBsjntg,0,0,0
1OA1jo0GlK9sf68f00w8ZQ,2010-04-21,yksYNBjsnRtqoyNewNEkQA,4,"This is quite possibly the best hamburger on the planet.  I live for In-N-Out Burger when I head West and I was impressed by the friendliness of the staff and speed with which my order was processed during a busy Thursday evening.

I'd give this location 5 stars (and if I were rating the burger and service alone, it's no contest), but I was disappointed by the fries.  They didn't taste as fresh as usual.  That said, they weren't stale or frozen, so they beat every other fast food chain.

I'd certainly go back since my Double Double without, with pickles, sliced chilis, and extra spread was AMAZING.

Be aware: they do not accept American Express, but Visa and Mastercard are just fine.",review,L9_zl1TNcXuQmTUD2mpzEA,1,0,0
8T8B_xK10FuO6MBOFcVQ3w,2009-08-16,r0uagQwlSlYMxU-GAfjK6w,5,".:chomp:. this is one .:mmmghgh:. good burger .:sllluuuurrrpp:.
It's got a great combination of yumminess with a side of .:chomp:. awesomeness. The burgers are great and .:chomp:. perfect. 

The custard is great .:lick:. and diabetic friendly .:mmmmmmm:.(They have no sugar added custard). i would definitely recommend this place! .:lick:.",review,GsNB-KVGhlL9uwHMXi6P_w,1,1,1
CcoxqH11hn04m3qneeVi4A,2009-12-16,fbfTJhwqpm6wiaKczi_MAg,5,"I have been looking for a great therapist for a long time.  Someone that takes the time to read my body, to see the synergy of the muscles and be able to do the work.  Finally, I found Robert.  

He has been an LMT for more than 15 years in the Valley and continues to educated himself often.  His studio is located conveniently just off of the 51 about 10 minutes in a quiet residential neighborhood.

The massage intake questioning was thorough, but not invasive.  His set up is calming and the room & table were warmed by a heater!  The massage lasted 90 minutes or so, I didn't want to go back to the real world.  

He does offer Gift Certificates and has Pay Pal set up on his website if you didn't plan ahead with stopping for cash.  

I will definitely visit him again when I need the work!",review,t-27_YZKsk9tMbAiwQKCwQ,3,3,0
bEQjf7c-9qkNWgXvriSGZw,2008-06-05,vxjva9QY87FjmgQZxcum2Q,3,"I've eaten breakfast here a few times and always thought the food and service were good. I think the prices are reasonable. My only complaint is the place is too small. there have been many times the hubby and I go there and there is simply nowhere to sit, so we end up leaving. I wish they would expand the dining area as I would love to eat here more. I hate chain restaurants, but when this place is too crowded I end up at a crappy chain.",review,HP_xZYNC5XK-VyNrnHbtRQ,1,1,1
m3EKlucZuwnOazLrRfnWaQ,2010-04-11,8BDeilxjeCEaEVYd07cXjA,3,"This is the place to go in Scottsdale for an Italian beef.  When I visit Chicago I usually go to Al's or Portillo's for Italian beef and having Al's here saves me the trip to the Windy City.

The decor here is nice with several motorcycles displayed throughout the restaurant for some reason.  It's neat and clean and plenty of helpful employees provide relatively quick service.

I ordered the regular Al's beef with sweet peppers.  I usually don't order my sandwiches ""wet"" because they come with plenty of juice already.  Good flavor and just the right size.  The fries were thick but a little greasy for my taste.

All in all, a good lunch and a place to keep in mind when I'm feeling like a taste of Chicago.",review,Kqvfep2mxS10S50FbVDi4Q,0,0,0
Eeonj15SXvfR6kgvh8BOWw,2011-01-21,a7ZaHosep5rWLuh1CxRgLg,4,"dropped by for lunch with 90yr old and 2 yr old plus hubby. all in all very good. hubby had sausage samich w/fries he really enjoyed it. baby had spaghetti and meatball she ate real good which means it was real good. mom had catfish w/spaghetti and marinara, she ate more than half and the rest went home with her. i had chicken marsala w/marinara on ziti. i subbed the wedding soup for the salad. the service was very quick and attentive. the lamb appetizer was just right with the bread. everything was tasty and very nice presentation. will be back soon, very convenient, very reasonable prices plus a full bar for happy hour.
pizza looked very promising, too. take out may also be in my future relationship with lil deemo's.",review,gmNM8_mbR1uBRwbFfi4syQ,0,0,0
az63c_MoXG_-Xs73Ocg0Ew,2011-04-01,t4hlMiG6mWTLZLN2wcQiCA,5,Just tried this place this afternoon. Very friendly staff & great rates with no commitments. You don't need to worry about paying some $25-$40 co pay like at a regular Chiropractic's office each time you visit. It's $49 a month and you get four visits a month. It's not like massage envy where you have to sign a contract for a year and its hard to quit. This goes month to month. Try it out once for $19 if you want. This company is really growing. So stop by and see for yourself!!,review,B63qAIvH3jVUlA6ssqVSnA,2,6,2
yeLq-452CkaKw1ynn0nRNw,2012-06-20,yySOwNwEu_sWoP4ZDXlqag,1,"We ordered $40 worth of pizza for takeout and it took almost 2 hours -- was told 20 minutes. We were not comp'd for anything. When I expressed my dissatisfaction, they offered to give me $40 credit toward my next order. I asked for this in writing, and they gave me the ""we can't provide it in writing -- we wrote your name down and have you on record"" line.

Guess what -- I called back a couple months later and they had no record. They refused to honor the credit....and were rude. I asked to speak to the owner, and was told ""he's out of town."" The pizza is mediocre at best. I have zero tolerance for businesses such as this. PLEASE spend your money somewhere else that deserves to be patronized.",review,izOUjRwXReNSYtIl_AUR9w,1,4,1
Lo0dRIDKXc5mlE-coVZrtQ,2012-11-30,rIObgrgo-t8A7E9L2z8fow,4,Solid place to grab a cup of coffee and a morning pastry.  Not sure about their lunch or happy hour but really love the layout of this place.  I tried their chorizo breakfast burrito too and it was very tasty albeit a bit pricey in my opinion.  Check this place out if you're in the area for breakfast.,review,JnAGZh7rjuz-6nKXitHUwA,1,1,0
0bQiWdKxj2EmsGYRVC9qyA,2011-03-23,23fhxjEyeEYW83NtyxBciA,4,"Very good, cheap Chinese food. Lots of specials including beer. 

The only problem was that one of the servers had her two kids there who were making noise and literally crawling on the patrons' tables. If this is a regular occurrence, get the food to go.",review,Ojf_XozkuSHXKhhpxEp-Dw,0,0,1
UI8iKvzhGn2qZCGIqtQqrQ,2011-08-29,SJzD4Sp9ZtdBPMD32XdKUw,4,"I visited my cousin Tempe earlier this month. Since she is not an early bird and rarely ever wakes up in time for brunch, much less breakfast, I relied on good old yelp to pick a good breakfast place! Thanks yelp!

Harlow's Cafe was awesome! My cousin ordered a simple eggs, toast, and cottage cheese, Jeff got the eggs maximilian with chorizo, and I got the biscuits and sausage gravy with a side of fruit.  Everything was HUUGE.  Coffee and water were always filled. My biscuits were soft and fluffy, and the sausage gravy was delicious! Jeff loved his eggs maximilian, which was gigantic. The eggs, tortilla, hash browns, salsa, chorizo, sour cream mixed together wonderfully. My cousin's eggs, toast, and cottage cheese were fine, very standard. 

The vibe was diner-ish with posters of movie stars, cowboys, etc. Thankful I got my cousin to wake up for brunch!",review,BZNThA-NwLDK8mwluwOGhw,0,1,0
dMOdFKdeI7GuZUIq0jwAQg,2012-09-07,lxJDUmbJb1JiXVGpBUUT8Q,5,"By far the best taco shop in the valley. Their rolled tacos are delicious. I've had them dozens of time and they never disappoint. The restaurant is older and what you'd expect of a normal ""taco shop"", but it is very clean and the staff is always very friendly. They also have the best red hot sauce I've tasted yet. Yuuuuuuum.",review,z30hYvXYGme6uU4fpzaisw,0,0,0
WnmNF1mNOcbcheVpTv7ucA,2011-05-03,6VxvWOKi2rzmfdbnohMW7Q,5,"I am impressed! I finally got a chance to check out the MIM yesterday and I was really wowed by the extensive collection. I knew going in to expect items from all over the world, but there are literally instruments and related objects from every country. We spent between two and two and a half hours but it still wasn't enough time to really take in everything.

I loved that the audio/video guide was included in the $15 admission price. Most museums I have been to charge an additional fee. This was unlike any guide I have experienced before. No numbers to punch in, just walk by any of the exhibits with your headset on and when you stop at each video screen, the audio automatically starts up! Very cool, and I loved watching all the videos to learn more about all the instruments. When I walked up to the flamenco part of the Spain exhibit I instantly recognized the video playing as I have actually been in the flamenco club in Madrid where it was filmed so I thought that was neat.

I really enjoyed all of the exhibits especially seeing the ""guts"" of the Steinway piano and how Martin guitars are made. It's not something I had thought about much before but now I know so much! I think the MIM is a fab place to take kids (and adults!) to learn and to get them excited about music. Definitely check it out it you haven't yet.

Edited to add: If you are a Bank of America card holder, you can get into the MIM for free the first full weekend of each month in 2011.",review,XoEwIVPoUNCM11D60o3lCA,0,1,0
LRuIY8JFqadCSYLo242MGg,2011-01-17,S_LiM_GxkWUty7fr9UCkbg,5,"I really like this place... 
Taking the advice of Yelp we stopped in on our way through downtown. 
We were immediately greeted as we walked in. I told the staff it was our first time in and asked which sandwich was the best. 
Following the recommendation I ordered the Crackerjack, cracked pepper turkey and melted pepper jack cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and Russian dressing. We also ordered the Godfather, cappicola, salami, pepperoni and melted mozzarella on garlic toasted bread. 
Let's take a moment and show the bread some much deserved love. It tastes fresh with a chewy center and crisp exterior covered in sesame seeds. You could put a shoe on this bread and it would taste great. 
I really enjoyed the Crackerjack. The Godfather was good for a few bites, but too rich for me. 

I can't wait to come back... 
Great choice for lunch downtown for a very fair price. 

Unless you are completely starving, share a sandwich!",review,0o0VMEJeQY0pAAZ9nxErBA,2,4,3
oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw,2011-07-18,89wth4Mt73S-d1APwAdUvw,4,"Alice Cooperstown is owned by rocker Alice Cooper and is a pretty unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix. Cooperstown was also featured on Man vs. Food.

The most unique item and the biggest draw on the menu is the ""Big Unit"" hot dog. This is by far the biggest hot dog that I've ever seen and the reason that I went to Cooperstown.

The Big Unit is a 1 pound, 22 inch long Vienna hot dog, on a baguette roll. You can choose any combination of 9 toppings for the Unit. 

I went with cheese sauce, jalapenos, bacon, and tomato. The dog had a good taste to it and the bread was fresh. I loved the cheese sauce and bacon, but would probably go without the jalapenos next time. Surprisingly I was able to finish the entire dog, but had to really force the last four or five bites down. I've never felt fuller in my life.

Unique restaurant and menu along with good food gives Cooperstown 4 stars.",review,o3FDn0YCRJpGHMPrpuUUpg,1,2,0
hCtyvahPsEOUb38LKxEQNQ,2011-11-29,goobJt94tfsT0v3q6z7sXQ,3,"The bf and I wanted to try someplace different on our venture out to North Scottsdale so we decided to give Coal Burger a try.  The menu is pretty small, which isnt good or bad.  I had the green chile burger and my bf had the bacon blue burger and we shared a side order of mixed fries.  The burgers were not bad but not great.  The flavors were pretty well mixed together but the burger itself was just blah!  The fries were ok as well, nothing special.

I would go back to give them another try.  They have interesting sodas on tap that are natural.  The shakes look good so will try those the next time I am in the area.",review,100Df1wcVrl9rJgB7EG6xw,1,1,2
18X496TOlKunSiAnm6z1dg,2012-10-30,3DFvN7j6yPdrVrkGj-m18g,4,"This is an awesomely fun place about an hour and a half south east of Phoenix. Although they are making their own wine yet they have some ""private label"" wines and a great selection of other wines and beers available.
The staff is awesome and the ambience is very cool. You can ""lose"" a day here just hanging out and enjoying it!",review,O_pPqlu_cOJk8NFOjnHdeg,0,0,0
-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ,2012-10-20,FRSH8JUOu01T_OBkxbf_xg,3,"Food was tasty. I ordered the veggie combo, and was a little disappointed that it didn't come with more of a variety of things, especially for $12. BUT what it did come with was good.",review,m9kXVTmi4AuECwP25IpoaA,0,0,0
M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw,2012-06-29,8kvPwrW-U1hcr3Eb2PVw1Q,3,"Not quite hot sex on a platter but good food, yummy beer and great music go a long way!",review,ncFbDwW5V4RfoEkhcAPfBA,0,0,0
pr62DwKHSH4QzJkz-1be9A,2011-06-02,BDcpV8Ym04A6EnrU9ryt8A,4,"I don't know what it is about Tempe Sales, but how can you not love them? it is primarily a fabric store, and they may or may not have all kinds of other random stuff, like carved wooden chairs, stone tabletops, bamboo flooring (sadly no longer in stock), slate tiles, and so on.

However, I would say that it's not merely the random selection of home decorating supplies and upholstery tools/materials that makes Tempe Sales great. It's the family-run vibe that you get from them. On one trip, to pick up several cases of flooring material, I had to go with the owner Alan to his warehouse down the street. In light of buying as much as I did and helping pull it from the warehouse, he threw in plenty of sublayment material for free (otherwise on closeout). The staff (many of whom are part of the family) have also helped me reupholster furniture and work on plenty of other odd jobs. There is no shame in being an amateur at Tempe Sales, even though it is primarily geared toward professionals.

If you're in the market for fabric, please do yourself a favor and check it out. I bet that you will return soon thereafter just to browse around some more. The only downsides that come to mind also make the experience more interesting -- stock levels are not always reliable and parts of the store have historically been disorganized (much better now than in the past), but my experience may be skewed since I gravitate toward closeout deals.",review,HZ3ItZ23xZHqjUjRIdPi7Q,2,1,0
OjfynPa2SokmmRNbxpgeog,2012-12-28,GW2B2WadIZjPUw2aacELSw,1,"Pros: 
-No breed restrictions on dogs
-Washer and dryer in unit

Cons: 
-Awful and idiotic leasing staff. Forms will be missing or prepared incorrectly.
-Rude and inadequate maintenance (be prepared to supply your own tools half of the time)
-Trash divers daily that no one does anything about
-No on-site security (you can call after 9 pm for a ""courtesy patrol"" but it takes them hours to arrive) and the front gate is NEVER closed
-Vandalized cars 
-A MURDER (this was the location of the man who set his pregnant girl friend on fire)
-The main pool is beautifully maintained and clean. The 3 other pools are small, dirty, and frequently closed. 
-Bug infestations in most apartments
-Dogs kept on patios 24/7 (a clear violation of the lease) so their barking can be heard by all
-The basketball court and tennis courts are never available, as they are constantly used by kids to bike ride on with the encouragement of the apartment staff
-Tons of potholes! Driving through the parking lot requires excellent shocks and there is minimal guest parking
-The apartments have less insulation than a cardboard box. Freezing in the winter, sweltering in the summer. Nothing is fitted correctly to it's frame, either. 

If you can afford a better place, I highly reccommend it.",review,DR-CzKVj5Ek4X0flEgYPUg,0,0,0
gVgJIBQDXHtgIS7p7uDa6Q,2011-08-22,lLLCHfg2k7S_pHMxLtGDyQ,4,"Great place for cheap drinks! 
Everybody knows each other and you can becom part of the Playa family quick :)
Sharen ( the owner ) is very friendly and nice and she will remember your name and what you drink after one visit.

Great place to watch games !",review,bKKVpwp1ERdWUl4lqc8ChA,0,1,0
LR9mX-3mh_PIEeG1A5zqxg,2011-08-08,ye3UllU_1X2bHvWkHK-6-w,5,"Best noodles in Phoenix. This place is hands down the best chinese food in Phoenix. PF Changes has nothing on these guys, they are fast, friendly and food is hot. Its also excellent for leftovers too.",review,DMCGCo1D88u61SBx8jXAWg,0,0,0
3D8thbL2D2c3qTMeYROAOQ,2010-12-14,70GKA69RgxZlBXhSHFzLGA,3,"Simple, Inexpensive and within walking distance from my place. I went biking this evening and had the sudden urge to get Chinese food.
I ordered something to go and got a vegetarian dish with tofu. 
From what I've observed, the place is simple and clean. 
Now as far as my dish goes; I thought it was good, but needed more flavor.  (which is a good thing)
It gave me a good reason to infuse my dish with Bragg's Liquid Amino which is healthier than other seasonings. 
My only complaint is the edename in the vegetarian dish. Why do they have to include the shell? I don't like unwrapping them with my teeth!  ;-P

                 |
                 |  /
                 | /
   . .~^(,&|/o.      ""Pass the soy sauce please!""
 |   `----------  |
  \                  /
   `======='",review,0oRtnPHtvZIE1UNxCDDTPw,6,7,7
fFlMAm0RBdfzrDfpicTPJg,2010-09-01,b8ZXt3WQpJrv4KfnzVOIFg,1,Have been in twice since my last review. Its a like a COMPLETELY new atmosphere!! And sorry to say this is not in a good way. Service was terrible and I was emberassed that I actually brought some new people with me to try it out. Just went for this saturdays last ufc fight! They were like natzi's with the seating you have to have 75% of your party with you to get a seat even though my boys were parking and in the parking lot they gave our table away so after getting the tenth degree abou there seating rules we were finally sat all had to sit speraticly through out the bar. We should've just turned around right then but decided to stay... then on top of that we were sat next to some drunk beligerent people spilling and flirting with there server (wich you could tell made her uncomfotable) that table were continuosly getting over served beers. Since there was not one mgr in sight the little time we were one of my boys stepped in and there was almost a fight right then and there.. putting that aside our service was horrible some dude was our server and we went without seeing him for like 30 min and not so cold beers. At that point after one round of drinks we decided not to order food and the table next to us was gripeing about there food so that was another sign to get the F out of there so we paid (once the server got back) then bolted. I wasn't going to yelp anything BUT I just received my checking statement and the dude added 5 to his 3 dollar tip. I gave the guy 3 on $12 he was lucky to have even gotten that. I'm going to find out the guys name and go to upper mgmt because this is not the first time i've heard of this happening there. With that said.. I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AGAIN! This place has gone down hill!! . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE !! Very disappointed,review,pefSo1d1tcXESqD68PAlQw,0,1,0
CgHcO651uEE3aalrkm4boQ,2009-02-28,9nLQQS8WtUK2uaIlOdOixQ,4,"I must admit, I'm more of a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market guy (due to the economy), but I had a great time shopping at AJ's. Every single item on the shelves is of the highest quality. For Valentines day, because I'm so bad at picking out girly gifts, I let my girlfriend go on a shopping spree at the chocolate counter (among other things)...I'd go back once in a while, but did grimace at the checkout counter when I forked over $125 for three bags of crap...I guess it's back to mayonnaise sandwiches at Neighborhood Market.",review,fzkO1lGkx8MHhT8S4Rbg3w,2,4,3
fekFed80H18dGDmVwm4RLg,2010-07-01,-eWbaCnAPsSpjnV4zCi17w,2,"2 stars because I really did like the eye doctor I saw, she was awsome.  

Thought I was off to a good start getting new glasses.  I picked out my frames while I waited to be taken care of.  

Oh...wait...the eye glass gods had something else in store for me.  

The person helping me couldn't get an authorization code from my insurance company because it was afterhours.  He actually told me I had to pay full price or come back tomorrow.  Now keep in mind that I have had this insurance forever, never had any problems before; after hours, weekends, etc.  So I used my cell and called the insurance company.  I get someone on the phone who is trying to help us.  I put eyemaster guy on the phone and he actually got into a fight with the woman on the phone, handed it back to me and said here you talk to her, I'm done.  

So the lady got me the authorization code and a explaination that this doesn't happen because most eye glass providers can take care of everything in spite of the insurance company being closed and she also asked me if I was sure I shouldn't switch eyemaster locations due to this guys behavior.  

But I thought I was done.  I have my glasses picked out and I needed them to drive.  So while she was talking to me the guy at eyemasters was throwing out insults loud enough that the lady could hear.  

So I lost 1/2 hour of my time and think the worst is over

Well...those darn eye glass gods...I can't get them in an hour because it was too late in the day the guy tells me.  He has the right lens and it was only 6:00 pm,  come back tomorrow.  

So I called today and was told 1/2 hour and they will be ready.  I drive over there on my lunch hour and guess what.  They aren't even close to being ready.  So I walk around the mall, come back and guess what, only 1 pair is ready.  That would normally be ok but the attitude of the two guys working is arrogant and not very customer friendly.  I laugh it off and leave.  

So what are the odds I'll get my glasses after work today???  One can only wonder.  Awful service, unprofessional and unpleasant to experience.",review,uTyIIbOvXH_XZw7OEiTiNg,0,3,0
6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA,2012-11-03,5ucisvItjJVLX5wfxXVcTA,5,"Hands down the best middle eastern restaurant in the Tempe area.  You can't beat the prices, everything is always consistently good (we go here about once a week).

Favorites: 
Hummus and Gyro Delux!

Don't forget to grab some baklava too, this is the best i've ever had (and that includes having some while in the middle east)",review,e7_mPkNLzbyWMXOBpT0E5Q,1,0,0
V_QIirrsJHKLKQMS4lni0Q,2011-02-10,khqw5xkETmFh_aWBuYGEIA,4,"I can't speak for the Vet portion, dog training or any other service, except the grooming dept.

I take my dog in there during the Winter to get groomed, shampooed and nails clipped, because sometimes its too cold out to dry him off.  The girls in the Grooming dept. are very nice and accomodating.  They treat my dog well, and always have nice compliments about him. T

They also do an excellent job and his nails are always done right.  I've taken him elsewhere ONCE and they trimmed his nails down so much, that it hurt him to jump.  I thought he had an arthritic condition, when I realized that he had his nails done, and sure enough, he bounced back a week later.

These girls know what they're doing, and a couple of them have been there for a few years, as I recognize at least one or 2 of them every time I go in. Even to shop.

Thanks ladies!",review,XoDauxslLmZbT3SkmdaDRg,1,0,0
HD_D2LTNTL6EXmvHF6x1qg,2012-02-19,3vZLrrZ6aVt-kvTO5Q79pQ,5,"Primp and Blow at the Waterfront is divine! I walked out feeling like a 
Super Model without spending a fortune! Great Stylists. Upbeat Friendly 
atmosphere. Great Tunes and an overall GREAT VIBE!  Convenient Parking 
and centrally located right near Fashion Square and Olive and Ivy. LOVE it!",review,t6GmgDZNeaTnj75NTRWc2w,1,1,1
VEojEXbJ81eiPLSSF9jNEQ,2010-04-28,Gfzwi9ITTD33Kk7at8vrDw,3,"My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up.  There you will find a nice little menu of sauce formulas.  Unfortunately, I never looked up.  As a result, I didn't have enough sauce.  In my case, that was a good thing because the sauce I did have tasted like crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.

As for the ingredients, lots of choices with fresh veggies.  I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me.  In fact, I had to ask my husband what the hell it was.  I guess it's a good thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so fresh after all.  But in its frozen to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.

Two sizes available.  I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then wasted over half of it.  So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.",review,wHg1YkCzdZq9WBJOTRgxHQ,6,6,6
dsMvINhoQbIQgSRTBv2B6g,2010-08-31,5nhbZTGI3a4KgtK9QNtNHQ,4,"Long-time fans of the Mill Ave location...we finally made it out to the original (I think this was the original, anyways).  

Overall, pretty darn good.  

The food is on par with the tempe location.  The pastas were delicious - I really liked the Boa Bowtie pasta.   

Wines were solid and complimented the meal nicely.

As with the Tempe location, the best part for us is always the Shrimp Adriatica appetizer.  We could just eat a big bowl of that with bread.  The sauce is amazing, the shrimp is well cooked.  The only downside was that it was just regular french bread (or similar) - the tempe location has the fancier, tastier varieties of fresh baked bread.  But the quality of shrimp and sauce was the same.  

Service was slow at first (we went late on a Sat night as they were slowing down), but was friendly, made great recommendations and were very helpful overall.  By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about the slow start.  Think we just walked in at an awkward time, which as I said, they really made up for by the end of the meal.  

Also, the warm butter cake was decadent.  Maybe not as good as Mastro's butter cake, but it's on the way there.  Really tasty, very fresh.  I could have used some fresh whipped cream or a little vanilla ice cream to go with it, but that's a personal thing.  

On a side note - the Zinfandel they are currently offering (think it was like $6-7/glass) is fantastic.  I was impressed at the quality compared to the price.  

We'll definitely be back.",review,4GBlFEDgO3BTiIVZCS_21w,2,3,0
-WZIxGXJHMGidZXRhKxP3w,2012-03-01,c7IqCodpfYKnSLYIND9H4g,3,"This Mimi's is near the Reach11 complex where we were attending a tournament.  So, afterwards, we came here.

The short version is that this is just like the Mimi's in Chandler.  

The food is fine.  Not great, but fine.  The service was OK too.  Everyone enjoyed their food (I had the chicken pot pie).  None of it really struck me as ""French"", which is Mimi's motif, but it was good.  In fact, the kid had chicken picatta, which is Italian.  Not French.  They do have quiche, so maybe that's enough to claim to be a French-like bistro???  (Not in my book, honestly.)

Anyway, I'd call this place average.  Really, I should give it 2.5 stars, but that's not an option with Yelp.  An OK place to stop if you're in the area and looking for food.  You could do much worse.",review,Mb0psF4WQF7gZSuZafVr-g,0,1,0
rE2InW2Jmjy6hzH3p4Iyjw,2012-09-21,ZZAdLWwFemBl98vEVOlAMQ,5,"My sister and I went here the other week and got gel manicures! They turned out beautiful and lasted forever! Ithink Biagio is now my go to nail salon! 

Keep it up!",review,6ts41fCsDKHbFZaKOMNmVQ,1,1,0
xWlCgISVtozxCztPA4nGaQ,2011-12-28,3IQB2gP2pj_r-lPC1mxuDw,1,"If you are over 24 you are too old to be here.  

First, this place has beer.  Don't order mixed drinks, don't order wine, both are gross unless your sole purpose is to get trashed, which is the mission of every underage and young, young 20-something at this bar.

This is the place you'd go to with your fake ID because when you're 19 this is what you think a bar should be.

Expect people over drinking and throwing up very early on in the evening in the bathroom.",review,JF05ffi0qdheB9Ti1kACOg,0,0,1
cLojUtqkFpVIHFEvA_5Atw,2012-07-21,1WOTiEh2XU_RyUp5TdRZDA,1,"I had high hopes for this place, and it is really too bad because I love to support the Phoenix area restaurants, especially a Caribbean one and I had already been to the adjoining Rum Bar and loved the drinks, but the food was bad.  It was not only bad, but by all means avoid the daily market catch.  It was not fresh at all!  Very over priced!  For nearly $25 for a simple white fish they could have at least taken the bones out of the thing.  It tasted like it had been sitting around all day (or two) in its own juices, and when I let the waiter/bartender know he just ignored it and then ignored us until we left.  I will never be back for the food.  The Rum flights are worth a trip there, but that is it.",review,Iodo_uXYfCZc65rWQ-JHzQ,0,0,1
TfTlOE6h9E9o34dEkw9L_w,2008-01-14,ohJHvAieUmjf3WWWs7bfjA,3,"I really wanted to fall madly in love with this place, I mean, a British themed pub in Heritage Square? So promising. 

As you walk in, the bartender is standing behind in an elaborate wooden bar structure. This made me think publican instead of bartender (as in ""Mate, I'll take a pint and d'ya have any rooms available?""), which is probably the idea. As there was nice selection of draught beers, we walked around to the bar to the right and ordered a couple of pints. I ordered a Boddingtons, my friend ordered a Stateside micro brew. (Would have been nice if they had Old Peculiar on tap, but you can't have everything.) 

Due to the combination of things cooking in the kitchen, it smelled a bit like my grandma's house. This prompted us to make a beeline for the patio decorated with super-heavy wood furniture. I assume this is to discourage thieves from selling their tables and chairs on the black market. Smart. The piped-in music selection that night was a bit off-putting, in fact, one of the other patrons commented on it as well. It appeared to be a satellite radio station that specialized in 80s hits like Wham! and Depeche Mode. I guess George Michael and David Gahan ARE British. Indeed! Wikipedia just informed me that ""Dave Gahan (born May 9, 1962 in Epping, Essex, England) is the baritone lead singer for the English electronic band Depeche Mode, and is also an accomplished solo artist."" Now I feel better. 

There are many cozy nooks in this place, so that would be a good thing if you wanted to have some one-on-one time. They were also playing football (soccer) on the flat screens, so should make some team scarf-wearing Brit ex-pats in the Valley very happy.

Will I be back to try the food? Probably at some point. But, for another round of drinks, I think I'll wait for a Friday or Saturday night when it's hopping.",review,OYpsdMcpdCdlkknpgpFMLA,1,1,1
sTq5I-5lDkMqi89e26I7JA,2011-06-13,50zV_OG4FADQR96tGa-kFw,2,"Gary Betz, DDS with Southwest Dental Group in Phoenix (Ahwatukee)
Dr. Betz was nice, but the office...well it seemed to be the unfriendliest, coldest dental office I've ever been to (out of 6-7 in my lifetime). I used to complain that dentists' offices were too full of perky, chatty, overly friendly clones, but now I miss those offices. I saw nary a smile or warm greeting - businesslike efficiency seems to be the norm here. Dr. Betz was friendly and smiled, however. No complaints about him, other than my feeling that everything was rushed. We didn't go over my history or much of anything, but we'll see if the next visit is better. 
Postscript: After getting home from this appt. and reading the horror stories on various review sites relating to ALL Southwest Dental offices, I changed my designated dentist and went to Foothills Smiles instead. Please see my review of Foothills Smiles on Ray Rd.",review,MDVoSLBTqsGsC4jztAs4PQ,0,1,0
YldXB1hRpnE1CWLF3mvgpQ,2011-10-14,U1Gzsqjz5n6S5WWCwlImmA,5,"Hnnngffff their signature spinach pizza
It's the only thing I've ever ordered there
And it alone warrants 5 stars.",review,82IMwHfXtr8bjidycFMyIA,0,0,0
bRk44ShCT0osos-1xaTRyA,2011-01-14,8GwkYT8MC_Imd7bISh_FiA,3,"If I could there would be two reviews here. The golf course its self would be an easy 4 star based on price and condition. Customer service would be a 1 star. 

Don't bother trying to be friendly with the pro shop staff, these folks are just going to through the motions of taking your money and doing the least possible to get their paycheck. But since the golf is such a great value and people will continue to flock to this place in droves I don't see them needing to hire people with personalities any time in the near future. 

The front 9 cart girl is friendly as is the lady working the snack shack on the back. 

Another thing that didn't impress me was being a walk on, renting a cart and being told that they already had 2 carts in that group. I am used to being able to have my own cart instead of riding with a person I don' t know and being subjected to their cart skills or lack there of. Turned out okay but just struck me as odd. 

I will continue to go back for the great value but I hate to reward bad behavior.",review,M31fQaXjn54y-Rx8ADjldA,0,0,0
xmtKVO7C7KYVqMBe2eQq3A,2012-06-23,Ja8SkPkWQmiIS1ZtFvNfYA,4,"This GB is one of our favorite places to stop for snack and good seasonal beer.  We try for Sundays to do our shopping in the area and stop here....because it is Happy Hour in the bar area all day long.  Great specials on their beers, wine and appetizers.  We have tried several of their appetizers, but you can't beat their garlic fries here!! YUM-O!
Anyhow, the service here is always great.  The hostess, bartenders and waitress are always friendly and ready to take your order.  It is especially nice when the weather is beautiful then they open up the patio/bar area.  Great place to watch games...plenty of TV's.  I frequent the Mill Ave. location, because I work in the area and it does not compare to the San Tan GB.",review,lsp7p2NuC5MX4_iuch3_OA,0,0,0
tdeHd2AVYlEnz9F1UGb84Q,2009-06-09,MZuTe1I1u1tpb_RlGUHFng,5,"This place is fantastic. Great food, superior service, gorgeous decor... I had a Breakfast Casserole and a generous side of Cheesy Grits. My girlfriend had the Blue Plate Special which was a frittata. 
The Breakfast Casserole is a medley of sausage, roasted vegetables, and potatoes with cheese, topped with a poached egg. There were no overwhelmingly strong or weak flavors, and I didn't see any extra oil in the dish. It came with a side of toast. I chose the marble rye and was disappointed only to see that the butter it came with was a hard stick. The grits were definetly made with milk and butter and had some cheddar cheese sprinkled across the top. The grits were more solid than watery which was a big plus for me, as I prefer my grits closer to the drier end of the spectrum. 
After breakfast I ordered a bloody mary at the bar inside and it was spicy and delish, a really good balance of tomato to booze. I liked it a lot. What I liked the most, though, was the really good service and friendly attention we got from our server, the hostess, the bartender, the bar manager, the valet drivers, and even being greeted by the concierge and check-in when we weren't even staying at the hotel. I will definetly make it a point to come here again.",review,Xm8HXE1JHqscXe5BKf0GFQ,1,1,0
kfscAJnLVf6J2uEte7g-5A,2012-05-07,P0u5R9_-lGDUPHDak5HBfg,4,"Yoli's has recently been popping up on Yelp's 'Best Of' front page. Many people are mouthing out and as the food whore that I am, I needed to go out and try it for myself.

My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance, service and food. It seemed that the place had be 5-stars for a while but trending analysis showed a decline in the late 2011- early 2012. Alright enough nerd talk-  it was a Saturday morning, I was starving and I needed a place to have brunch with my lady friend in town.

When it comes to brunch at Yoli's, you really need to leave all your expectations at the door. The neighborhood its in is a little sub-par, the parking situation isn't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago. The tables outside are all basic basic plastic, they are not squeaky clean (or perfectly leveled) and the seating is pretty limited. If you are coming to Yoli's, you are coming here for the food and nothing else, this ain't no brunch at the Four Seasons.

Their menus are strictly breakfast/brunch related but at a 2-sided page list, their breakfast choices do have a large variety of flavors and prices. The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes, omelets and diner-style potato sides. My friend and I ordered their most popular dish, the El Monte- Hawaiian french toast sandwich filled with egg whites, turkey, bacon and cheese with a 'spicy orange marmalade'. At about $7, the sandwich was pretty large and filled me up easily after just half of it. The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp, but the turkey was very thinly-sliced deli meat so it didn't have a lot of flavor and the spicy marmalade was tasty but not spicy at all.

The service was a tad slow but the lady was very very courteous and nice to us, she just didn't stop by very often so we had to wait around for our drinks and our check for quite a while. Overall I wasn't blown away with Yoli's but I would recommend as a place with decent portions and good prices. As of now, a 3.75 stars on my book.

I am a big supporter of local restaurants and I love seeing a family-owned business thrive. With a little bit more decor, faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about. Yoli, if you are reading this- I hope you take this advice, we all want to see you succeed so we hope you can get back on that horse and impress the hell out of us. Good Luck!!",review,GRgBu4K7GOb3354esp_xkg,3,3,1
dOUtKHQ8Q0eHFjKPmi07tw,2011-05-30,OJN24DHFXvN10MgBh565zQ,4,"Been going to Bailey's for the last six months. It's an older crowd during the day, but at night and on the weekends the crowd id much younger!
Bartenders are all friendly and the drinks are cheap, though they could be stronger.
I highly recommend it!",review,Lj2Gf-tvMVpwOGF5Z20bIQ,0,0,0
G_2CWsU7GYwhNqptrLXUBg,2008-09-28,AKits-Hwzd56Ge3xBQxMNQ,5,"This is a brand new delicatessen who's grand opening was September 24th 2008.  Since I don't have a kitchen in my place, this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place I plan to frequent via walking.  

They have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose.  Their chocolate chip cookies taste home made.  So nice to still feel like you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave.",review,Bsu4ZahJSGiDOZYrsSe6mA,2,3,1
eR5-nFI0Vp7EG2pIXQM3bw,2012-04-21,r-hzNCrugr1hG9m-zSWokA,1,"Cheap!  Cheap!  Beware!  If you order Chicken McNuggets from this McDonald's they will charge you 10 cents for each sauce packet over the alloted quantity.  Either go to another McDonald's where they don't charge, go to another restaurant that values your business and NOT nickel and dime you to death or don't eat!",review,Er4F-PTME7RsIwKainiR0Q,0,1,0
dYLlSj_SWwHg1aA3Km061w,2012-04-07,lcl6dpr_voio2cWdIsqHIg,4,"So, I've been trying to check this place out for awhile. I love b-fast, almost as much as staying up late and sleeping in, so it did take me awhile to check it out before they closed at two (my average wake up time). In fact I arrived right at two, which having been a server, I know sucks. Our server Marci was super nice and welcomed us in anyway, without even one look of contempt, which I know is what I would have delivered had I been serving a table at closing time. The food was delicious, and it being a ""fuck it"" day, ordered bacon wholeheartedly. It was the most delicious, thick cut bacon I've had. And the rest of the meal was delicious and reasonably priced. Next time I'm awake early (or up late) I'll be back.",review,WHjMr9qABBcf-bCCWozzFQ,0,0,0
tsom7jUEr_DetH65ZtEc3w,2011-06-01,ylSk-Jubr90POE9m_3u1oQ,2,"the promise of homemade turkey and roast beef drew me in, much to my dismay it's shredded. As Ramsey would say 'like a dog's dinner!'. I got the bobby with roast beef, so i could taste both. The bread was good, the stuffing was cold. The meat was chokingly dry. Dry dry. Sawdust tasting. I'm sure the other non shredded meats are great on that bread, this might as well had just been the stuffing and cranberries on the bread. Plus, the manager was bragging about how he just stands around and does nothing but micro manage. Donkeys! Lol. Make that guy clean the bathrooms!",review,FUMdzARf71drXyDZ7lkpWw,0,1,3
ZLVX6bQt8HJH5d4pq5EJGQ,2012-07-10,mN_1gTFafPqH0hrzvUc83g,1,"Until they get their quality under control, we won't eat here except for lunch. We ate here last weekend and both had the roasted chicken. The problem was it tasted like it was basted in cinnamon and the sauce for the risotto had at least 10 whole peppercorns on each of our plates. I actually bit into to one before I realized that the sauce was just crawling with them. They could've strained them out, processed them in, whatever, just don't serve me a plate with a bunch of whole peppercorns. This tasted NOTHING like the previous visit when I ordered the same exact dish. When we finally let the management know that our food was unacceptable, he said the best he could do was a 20% discount. Well. we  weren't looking for a free or discounted meal, but rather some acknowledgement that they actually cared about the food. That never happened. Unless something changes, the burgers are decent and that is about it.",review,bkv0EMVYiwWf6ULKbEdqRw,0,2,0
8Hn5X1AqgmSLHRG2KgBJBg,2011-03-28,My9PkTKJDYoY9RmQuukTgQ,5,"holy shit i love this place.

I have been a regular here for years. Eating at oregano's after a long work/school week is really something to look forward to.

The food is great. Its reasonably priced, the portions are huge, and the drinks are tall. don't expect anything CRAZY culinary creations here, its just not part of the restaurant's culture. The food is simple and everything is tasty. 

I usually go with the Sausage Sandwich, or one of the pasta dishes with whole grain pasta, and one of their giant meat balls. Its always filling, 
always good.

Sure the wait is long, but they always have free pizza, drinks, and deserts while you are waiting. 

Service is always great. Friendly, prompt, and they don't bother you when you don't need them. All of the servers are always willing to play along with my friends and our inappropriate conversations, challenges, etc.",review,5p-E2IBx_r_UK2I2If03Sg,0,0,0
CvoAB3wTchy9j8CE1eEVWg,2011-07-31,WoI-lFT6JTCR3BiMMbm3Zw,5,"My boyfriends company has been doing business with this PostNet store for the last 4 years. Service is friendly, prompt and helpful.

I highly recommend it.",review,lr9jeBK-8E7FI2etUa2JFQ,5,5,5
PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ,2012-07-10,YJmZi9HhtSHZVq95gmDxDA,4,Experienced happy hour for the first time.  Amazing food and drink for cheap prices.  Only downer the bar tender.  It was a pasted on smile.  I will return and take people with me.,review,VURvHke7yvGL673wgcp9nA,0,1,0
IrKh06dXhLyiO4dVHGnLFA,2010-06-25,YCD10HgOr7j4v9OLne5SrA,2,"Meh.
Maybe it was just that we decided to dine in 10 minutes prior to closing, but I was definitely not impressed. I had not been here in ages. Probably 10 years, maybe 15. No exaggeration. I remember nothing but good things about Miracle Mile. I remember being excited to come eat here. 
So one night while shopping at Arrowhead with a friend, I got a sudden craving for a pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and Thousand Island dressing. I was very excited to walk in and find that it was on the menu! I didn't have to special order it!
It was a good size sandwich.  Big enough that when cut in half, you still have to use both hands. I took my first bite and was immediately disappointed. Not that it was bad. It's just that I had fond memories of this place and I was really expecting something near the level of perfection of the #19 at Langer's in Downtown L.A.....or at the least Like Gandolfo's in Tempe. Nope. It was nowhere near as good as either restaurant.  It was just okay. The bread had a slight toughness like it was day old bread. The meat was chewy and lacking flavor. The coleslaw was really good and had the perfect crunch. The flavor of the coleslaw was not strong, but still masked the flavor of the pastrami. I will stick with Jason's or Heidi's next time I have a hankerin' for another deli style sandwich.",review,esomNneHvsEv91MmraM5ug,0,1,1
dC6rDLGRoch_DOZk5kLkWw,2012-04-16,APFjViNd4-lV86c-nFLDhg,5,Nice Plaza.  Very well located.  Clean store.  Friendly staff.   All you could want,review,Zof_qo5X5tRQXvkuuR1RzA,0,1,0
3wLLf8wRqD1ZQowi9aZSoA,2012-07-24,1dfvuxmDU8dUM-wobcJ-jQ,5,"Great place - nice ambiance, cool decor, tasty food and good service!
We were going to check out the Spotted Donkey, but finding it out of business, we noticed Grassroots across the parking lot and decided to check it out.  My daughter got the brisket sandwich (she let me try a bite - nice combination of BBQ sauce, slaw and pickles - but she picked out the pickles and slaw!)  The fries were quite nice as well.  I tried the short ribs - asian fusion sauce with asparagus and jalapeño cheesy grits...I've never been a fan of grits, but these were tasty!  The ribs were very nice...the sauce reminded me of something my Mom used to make (but I can't quite put my finger on what it was, but it was familiar).  A browned with toffee flakes and gelato on top capped off a very nice dinner.  (And you've gotta love a place that has the Gadsden flag as part of it's decor).  Definitely will be coming back!  (and my apologies to our attentive and helpful server for not having been more demonstrative of my appreciation for the food...it was quite good, I just wasn't in a 'dang that's good!' mood last night)  Check this place out!!",review,faVvuyxRutEkKX1hK1GuQA,0,1,0
mxrXVZWc6PWk81gvOVNOUw,2011-12-27,KbhAAiCG8ri9W5Gbc5p8nA,4,"Good food, decent price and a southwestern atmosphere. 

The food is decidedly better than the decor, but then again I've never been big on the southwestern look. Something about Antlers above my head while I'm trying to have a romantic night out with the lady just doesn't cut it for me. 

I (like most everyone else) recommend the big ass burger. You can't go wrong with their side of mac and cheese either and I recommend giving it a go regardless of how much you fill yourself with all their other delicious entrees.",review,aYDFqKsgNLzBi8PIhthmDw,1,1,2
Izizcby4_u1u_d6suB9Jzw,2010-02-06,sxYEFZGur3BMJ6fCAUWphA,5,"I work on a local event called Ignite Phoenix, and somewhere in the mix we contacted Splinter Creative about helping us with the design and material for our event. We were completely new to this game and didn't really know what good branding and imagery could do for us. They stepped in, gave us some amazing ideas, helped us refine them, and delivered some incredible material that wowed everyone who attended.

So we asked them to stick with us for our next event, and they did it again. They keep upping the game, and I now work with them across several different business that I work on.  They've helped me through several difficult creative areas, and the end result is always sharp, professional, interesting, and engaging.  

I prefer to work with people who are passionate about what they do, and do it well.  Splinter fits that bill perfectly.  Highly recommended.",review,Znu5KKqytHfmjbXfQo3f4Q,1,3,0
_HTE4pOKeJC7kcxiCF9vTA,2009-11-03,yTDqNtZ5Ye7Jrv3h6tG_dg,5,"I don't have much time to write this, but I do want to say a few things. 

I had four things so far here. My friend and I both enjoyed them immensely. I paid $16 + tip. 

I had the [A1 - Cha Gio - crispy egg rolls ] & [A2 - Goi Cuon Thit Tom - spring rolls] to start.

Oh man was this delicious. The first thing I loved when I walked in was the ambiance. Dim lit and let the sun do the lighting - very zen - if you're into that. I felt very comfortable here.

They had four sauces on the table. I have no idea what they are, but the one with red pepper flakes and oil -- the darker one -- oh wow. If you like heat added to whatever you're doing -- wow -- this stuff is for you! I loved it. 

Then I went with the Pho tai - sirloin soup. [P2* - Pho tai] - wow - broth was amazing. Everything was. 

For me, enjoying food means I need a few things. 

First - awesome food
Second - ambiance
Third - presentation

They had it all. I was very impressed by place to the plates. Don't change a thing. I hope  your business is very prosperous!",review,Cc4k7m1_CWeAz5JWSkoVpw,1,1,0
xsSnuGCCJD4OgWnOZ0zB4A,2011-04-22,6sWv0_Ww4dHw89GBClsteQ,5,"The Valley Beer Drinkers Meetup Group has been coming here for months - since before the name change - on occasional Wednesdays for $3 craft pints & the fantastic wings special. We've always had a good experience, and the extensive, rotating brew selection keeps the venue fresh.

I've been urging the owner to add at least ONE Pilsner to the IPA-heavy menu, and last night he delivered with a quintessential model: Munchener Spaten Pils! It was great.

Adding to the experience was the excellent food. Portions were generous and satisfying!. One member ordered the Fish & Onion Rings, and when it arrived, two others immediately ordered their own! I can't remember better fish (pollack here) or more perfect onion rings! Homemade potato chips were remarkable, and the fry cook definitely knows the craft! Diners have many options for sides w/ entrees, which is a generous touch. Only the cole slaw was a bit bland. 

Service was friendly & generally good, but not attentive enough later in the meal. Thanks for separate checks, too.

I really look forward to returning for brews and to further explore the enticing menu!",review,8-3AWD4V5HitvOtwnQCDIg,0,0,0
nL9tCTn4Sswcwcdkol4URA,2012-09-07,kSASs0a8bHQfYUVNLt527Q,1,"Do not get your oil changed at this walmart or any walmart. We got a oil change and they dented our oil pan and now it leaks and they are not taking responsibility for the damages they caused. I have only had my oil changed for the last year here and they are trying to put it off on someone else, when no one else has clearly done our oil. The insurance for walmart wont even look at my vehicle and had already decided they are not at fault. I had a 3rd party appraiser look at it and they can only determine it was from an oil change. I have no other option but to take this to a lawyer.",review,W8yvAp2i9c1XDQ7d9lOz7Q,0,0,0
wP5849J1DKB2KS3M6UwOAg,2012-04-22,zEMVQYiLAO_OMD3CwJTucQ,4,"This is a fun POOL party club in Scottsdale next to everyone's favorite, American Junkie. I have never eaten here, other than a dessert that I don't remember. ;) It can also be a fun place for after dinner drinks or dance. The ambiance of relaxing and drinking next to a pool always brings about a good time. The music is LOUD and the bartenders are nice. Their bathrooms are clean and pretty. 

Spanish Fly rages during the daytime summer weekends, and is a great place to hang out when you still want to enjoy the outdoors and it's blazing hot outside. I will be going back - glad to have you in Scottsdale, Spanish Fly.",review,Yz7i36gFLsuFSPSCqBBp8g,2,2,0
3ez4Qs56C_cC-l8x08l6Zw,2009-07-30,2qRm-9tGf7citNciO9oARw,4,"I can't believe I didn't write a review of Metro after my first visit but I got a second chance last Saturday night with Dottsy Z, Andrea K and company.  We had a reservation for 8PM for 4 of us, and at 730PM Andrea asked us to add 2 guests and when Dottsy called Metro they said of course, but please be advised you may have a little wait for the larger table. Which leads me to the only bad point of the evening:

We had to wait ONE AND A HALF HOURS for our larger table. We had all expected and accepted a 30 minute wait. After about 40 we went to the bar to get some wine and oysters (otter creeks = yummmm).  After an hour had passed and no one had come to address the situation with our group, I approached the hostess and she was very apologetic and offered to comp our bar tab, which was incredibly nice. 

When we were finally seated our server was friendly and attentive and had gorgeous blue eyes. Hello!  We were all starving and got right to the point with our orders: I started with the cucumber soup and no amount of yums or mmmmms can fully describe the delight that was set before me. A cold soup, this is made with cucumbers, buttermilk, dill and olive oil, with chunks of lump crabmeat and a dollop of caviar thrown on top, because why the hell not?!  Also, the soup came in a really large bowl and I was full by the time I finished it. I did soldier on to my main course which was the Moules Frites which is what I had the first time I came here and is a truly inspired dish with juicy fresh mussels, and a broth with thyme, garlic and perhaps a little white wine. Then to add insult to injury they serve the huge casoulet with a hearty portion of herbed french fries that were the perfect crispness and didn't leave oil on my hands. 

Sadly I had to leave some of those friends behind, but only because it was time for dessert! I chose pot de creme which is normally topped with brioche. I requested a brioche-free pot and it was no problem. I was served a tiny ramekin of creamy custard topped with a sort of peanut butter syrup/creme and three slices of caramelized banana. It was really yummy though within 10 minutes my heart was racing from all the sugar. 

I will point out that this dinner took 2 full hours (we left at 11:30PM) making this the longest I ever spent in a restaurant (3.5 hours are you kidding me?) which is why I ultimately docked one star. Based on food alone Metro Brasserie deserves 10 stars.",review,PoQOIZc2q5nud7uVz_jdjw,2,4,1
LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg,2011-11-23,pdvRbPocU_HJ8ufL02uZvg,3,"My wife and I stopped by last weekend to watch football and sample a couple of their brews.  The food was great could be some of the best french fries I've ever had.  The beer was good.  Noticed almost everyone drinking the house beers so it was nice to see that kind of support for an established micro brew.  There was a large crowd for football many folks wearing jerseys and everyone really getting into their game.  If your looking for an energetic place to watch football and grab a good bite this would be a place to consider.

UPDATED 04/05/2012 lowered to 3 stars.

I have been here a couple times since my first review and it really is just an average place.  The fries are the highlight.  The place is small, loud and well your AVERAGE pub or brewery.",review,QnMPMD8Nh3ErZGfMRGAeYg,0,0,0
_ELurClSg26jIcRmhq3F_w,2011-08-31,VGZvJAI7UNQLQxwY-fSVvg,4,Like earning cheaper gas,review,_AmdPmOiR00XdTx_BIDMFA,0,0,0
MUT6gWy0NtuV2IioiYUWFg,2007-09-27,_JsmctXZTG6MEstWZPN2eA,5,The democratic party of Arizona consists of a nice group of  people. I visited their office several years ago with some questions and they were quite helpful.,review,T2u4D_GmKo5KbDiXLRTcyA,1,1,0
0ONypOKIhttBz9IJzBE8jg,2012-10-05,KFvySZqGW0EFPGJ6MZo6JA,1,"It was my Birthday and my wife, her mom, a dear friend and I headed to Fleming's Steakhouse in Chandler, AZ. We heard only great things about this place and wanted to experience their 'unforgettable' steak dishes. That, we did, unfortunately. 

The restaurant was lovely dim-lit, adequate atmosphere for an expensive steak place. We were seated immediately and tended to by the waiting staff. The small roll of bread and two kinds of butter were good but insufficient for four hungry souls and we polished it up right away. No one offered to bring more. Our waiter told us about the daily specials, after which we ordered food and wine. After a short wait, four large dinner plates arrived. I was the lucky one, my steak (a large  rib eye steak, ordered medium-rare which tasted very good despite two large blobs of fat) was sitting pretty in the middle of the large dinner plate. Nothing else on my plate, just the steak. I looked around at my wife's plate and couldn't believe, her fillet mignon was laying there, in the middle of the large dinner plate without anything garnishing it, be that a glaze, a leaf, a slice of whatever! At the prices asked by this restaurant, it felt like an insult to each of us to have such a poor presentation of a steak!! We asked our waiter for a side dish, mashed potatoes with Parmesan, and when they arrived, we couldn't believe it! There were no more than two scraggly potatoes turned into mashed potatoes, or about a tablespoon of mashed potatoes per person. Mind you, they tasted good, but at over $9.00 per side dish? In short, we left hungry and wondering why we spent over $200 for the entire meal.

Next time, we'll go to a well tried place for steaks and more. Durant's, downtown Phoenix and worth the drive.",review,WORShVhq7IwMY4iizc1dAA,1,2,0
kgPjOtSeMd3CMdbnEmHbeQ,2012-04-08,bva8boLXU1sqys0EjkE5WQ,3,I didn't try any food hear but this place seems like it has a split personality. Tons of tvs showing sports so sports bar. At the same time there's a dj blasting club music. There weren't that many people dancing. We went here because the place next door had a huge line. One plus is that theres a second bar near the patio that we stuck by. This place to me was...meh.,review,5DJGsF4L5UFY5XOBOQCARw,0,0,0
Nz_AasmpsQ8MLSqhCTRVoA,2012-02-21,iJ5MEi9jzAthoK45BpuCRw,4,"I only recently discovered that I do not hate Thai, having never tried it, so this place was right up my alley. It's literally 1 mile away from our home and has a pretty extensive menu. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but if you're a fan of pastels and the early 90s, you'll love it here. You may even want to move in. Our service was a little slow, but the friendliness of our servers (yes, multiple) made me feel ok about waiting a little bit for a third beer. Overall, I'd say this gets a thumbs up from me and my other half.",review,g2ihR0ZFKCEnKB7YPviuJQ,1,1,0
5SS69rC8XWvdlD1OHifEEQ,2011-11-24,CzLPA9cRfz8lHu_LszV73Q,4,"I ate here on a Sunday afternoon and was impressed by the food quality, very friendly service, and speed of service. On the strength of other Yelps, I had the gravlux with dill mashed potatoes and tomato basil salad. All excellent as others have said. I had broccoli and cole slaw as my other sides. The broccoli was tender without being overcooked and the slaw was a pleasant vinegar-based, not creamy, variety that complemented the rest of the food nicely. The food filled the plate without being overwhelming and I found room for one of the Beaver cookies, actually two large waffle-wafer cookies with a lightly flavored lemon cream between them. The cookies are kept in a chilled pastry case, probably because of the cream filling. A pleasant meal on a hot summer day.",review,V80GMVxOodncfnloTVxXyg,0,1,0
n_YHTTG0QIjZ3055wReefQ,2008-09-14,mj1KE6poy83L-rxaWMGS7w,4,"We stumbled upon this little place in a worn strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very happy accident. 

Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not fast food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. 

The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a wonderful lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a questionable salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so good that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very complex with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. 

At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. 

I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the better examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken.",review,N7lSh49zQ13sG3Jpa9E6cw,3,3,2
w2PHq5wfGuqWmHAruLtZ0A,2011-06-07,pa_qmlMbYpFfU407fGDVDg,1,"Terrible experience here. They cut up my foot when trying to remove a callus. Also, they told me they used shellac when it was really gelish. Wish I could recommend, but I wouldn't want anyone else to go through the same experience.",review,090kdP3SHYtabwcf2PBUkw,0,0,0
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw,2012-02-24,IcBdKo0DcyOjAvaKGm9cXQ,4,"Hipster hangout you can drag the kids along and not feel bad about it.

The place is setup like a house and the first time you go it is for sure confusing.  Do I sit down or go to the counter or bar or what.. Its kind of a free for all.  I have been a few times and still feel a little awkward when I walk in.  The hot chocolate is great and the egg sandwich tasty.  The mac and cheese for evening is also really good.  
The service is ok, but not overly helpful or friendly.
The place is dripping with kids too cool for school, businessmen, and families... so a great spot to hit up if you are in downtown phx",review,Br9mpMhkVunsp8Un5GpYWA,0,0,0
0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA,2011-04-08,dQfplOHYSQKjCeYxcLaDlg,4,"I usually throw away those value pack coupon envelopes you get in the mail, but decided to look at them this time & see if I'd use any. I pulled out ones for the dry cleaners, zoo, a burger/hot dog joint & Red Devil. 

Most of them were for dine in only but a couple were for delivery as well, so I used the one that was for a 16"" cheese (toppings were an additional $1.25 each) & 20 wings for $21.95. I had looked at their website before ordering & the combo (pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms & green peppers-but we skipped the onions) sounded delish so we got that with the NY mild wings. They don't have their desserts listed on their website so I asked the guy who placed our order & decided on the cannolis (1 for me, 1 for hubs). He said it would be a lil over an hour & to my surprise it arrived in 45 minutes.

The pizza was good, not Mamma Mia's good, but good! The wings were bomb; crispy, the right amount of sauce & they smelled amazing! The cannolis were pretty good but we didn't really prefer their ""style"". Instead of chocolate chips inside with the filling, the entire cannoli was dipped in chocolate. 

Total with coupon, $3 delivery fee & tip was $47. Not bad at all considering we will each be getting 2 or more meals out of it. We're fans & would definitely order from them again...maybe even dine in eventually!",review,33vUIil_GCaT92aUaZhRXA,4,9,4
4QtD359vkU7Jq8vP0uQEww,2012-07-10,xA66YOFvpeYye85ErIgCEw,2,"I've never had Thai food before so I suppose I have nothing to compare it to, but this restaurant didn't serve very tasty food. Maybe it was just what I ordered. I don't know. Plus it had a funny smell. It wasn't terrible but I'm not going back.",review,O0yM2ayRr6R5aYizdb6xxA,0,0,0
FV0BkoGOd3Yu_eJnXY15ZA,2012-01-13,gaKdsWEKlsCdE6w-gdQZSQ,4,"Make sure to explain to your friends that it's not a chili place.  

Every time I invite someone to check this out they assume its some greasy spoon that serves cowboy beans.  It's actually a upscale semi-formal restaurant and......the food is delicious and intelligent.

I've been here for all three meals.  The brunch is good but the dinner is what really sings.

If you like mushrooms, get off here and get your tail to Cowboy Ciao.  The Mushroom Pan Fry has something like 10 or 11 different types of mushrooms.  I'm not the biggest mushroom fanatic but even I thought it was awesome.

If you've ever read one of my reviews you know I'm all about a good burger.  The Wagyu burger here is freaking phenomenal.  Challah bread AND a truffle aoli AND some amazing bacon..........MY GOD!

Definitely recommended!",review,4gIi4L7e870qFbnRemaoBA,0,2,0
3vKhV2ELR2hmwlnoNqYWaA,2011-03-29,Dgk7tJlJ_UOdu6ppfI0gUQ,4,"Family business bagel shops are my favorite.  I found this place through Groupon and decided to check it out.  The name itself intrigued me as Lox means salmon fillet that is cured.  I didn't go with salmon, but I got a honey wheat bagel with veggie lite cream cheese.  The cream cheese was freshly made with carrots, garlic, and celery.  It had a light taste to go with a healthy and hearty sized bagel.  My friends got croissants with cheese which tasted delicious as well.  The prices are very reasonable here and you can order bagels by the dozen.",review,AkJFqLqHHAKY3H5R8p7cPQ,0,1,0
BO41AXSq4utrICj0uEpn-A,2011-05-06,nd7kBf-hAUwHLk4Jb0euWA,4,"LOVE it here. I stay at hotels about 80 nights a year for work, and often go to Phoenix. Gotta say, if it weren't for the ""hood"" neighborhood, I would've given it 5 stars. The restaurant next door, Bobby Q, has rave reviews, so it seems like a convenient place to eat, but that seems to be the only dinner place around. Good thing it's the Residence Inn, with a small kitchenette.

This is probably the cleanest hotel I've stayed in all year. The dishes and silver wear are very clean and housekeeping keeps it that way daily. I've stayed at places twice the amount of this Residence Inn in Scottsdale and dishes in the kitchenette were filthy. 

Small workout room but you can go to the LA Fitness down the street for free.  Oh, they don't skimp on breakfast-waffles, eggs, sausage, yogurt, fresh fruit and hot and cold cereal. 

Beds don't look comfy but they are Devine.  I had some of my best nights sleep here. It's nice to stay at a place that is more like a home than a hotel.",review,09rOSu_0O1T0m9y9Soe39A,0,1,0
UmhTiNOKareQDP7D9aAnKw,2012-03-10,lmhiWjhTU7eTmY5H-53VYQ,5,Food was really good. Waitstaff were all really friendly and helpful in selecting drinks and entree. Would for sure go back.,review,EZ_Qltx0iJyDN--HzLcXQg,0,1,0
5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg,2008-09-04,OlVMqrJbFsxLOrBzqtZYDw,5,"Mostly I love the Rokerij just because I love saying the name.  

But the food is also killer.  I had the most amazing chicken, and the sides, which usually I just take for granted as filler food, were sodelicious that they caught my attention in a big way.  I also tried my date's steak, and while it was fairly spendy, it sure seemed worth it.

The feel of the place is great too, with the dark stone walls and coziness without feeling too crowded.  We ventured downstairs to look at the bar, and had we been there early enough to snag a couch I wouldn't have wanted to leave.

It definitely feels like a splurge, or somewhere you'd take a business associate or date that you wanted to wow.  It's manages a high end feel, while remaining unmistakably local.  I can't say I'd suggest it just for any old night, but it will stay on top of my list for special occasions.",review,-txH2zJSBZQHO6RWvoWXuQ,3,3,2
QC6UE93iVkVIjs6MphM56g,2011-08-26,RmE1ZadEQFUcxwMddBAU-w,5,"This is a great MMA gym.  Instructors are profesional, the facility is clean, and they work well with all experience levels.",review,b9F4vyffz96nR5Scvfujjw,0,0,0
8N4SCmREZji5mnVqZDdQJA,2012-02-01,1BtPDuBzY7_5cIX5k9rlqA,5,"We have a show quality teacup Yorkie and a 5 Pound Maltese, who has issues, and they handle them beautifully! The owners attitude is all about making sure you are happy and your dogs are too! We were using a place across the street where the owner was all about taking your money and then booking you with who ever was available, even if you had an appointment with a particular groomer! These guys are the best, they CARE, and it's a pleasure to give them our business. Just Go!!!! :-)",review,JMQFTlKzppR7svUQIKCs_g,0,0,0
HiTpXu1BNE2DlvjyqpObjw,2011-05-02,gVSKe5I6cpUSHvq9g6RlGA,5,"I live within walking distance of the Japanese Friendship Garden, so I enjoy it frequently.  Once inside, it's hard to believe you're still in Phoenix.  That's why I was so happy when Groupon recently offered a half-price membership.  I would join in a minute, except they're closed from May to October or so.  Half-price membership seems about right.

The atmosphere is gentle and meditative.  I feel safe sitting on a bench and actually meditating here.  The koi kind of freak me out.  They've been fed so often  by visitors that I feel fairly certain they'd eat me if I fell into the pond.  Last time I visited, there were baby ducks in the house.  So cute and fluffy, and they had no fear of people.",review,2LCrT_BOJvGV4xi_lmoRcA,1,2,1
NAkRjPhS4yCD5trp0dY-bQ,2008-10-06,EIIwwLearfRcBUaDdzcVkw,2,"When I walked through the swinging doors around noon on a Sunday, I walked into Hooterville.  Think silicone, fake tans, bleached hair and  teeth and caked-on makeup.  And the men here overdose on testosterone: full of bulk and attitude.  Think sideways baseball hats, torn jeans, flip flops and gold.  Even at noon on a Sunday, they were on the hunt.  

Joining me in alienation was my San-Franciscan friend.  We represented the world of natural size and color.  To bring ourselves comfort and escape in this fake world surrounding us, we discussed environmental concerns.  

I got the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.  Commensurate with the theme here, this was the biggest breast I'd ever seen.  The sauce was super hot and tasty.  The baked beans had a southwestern flare - with crushed pepper.  My friend got the chili, which he said was slightly spicy hot but not temperature-hot.  

I didn't attempt the bucking broncho, for many reasons, but one of them being that there was nothing on it to hold on to.  Too difficult for a delicate northerner like me.",review,M6hieO-LbXPG1WBQXjXA1w,6,6,6
QCxXYA13PtkD3wec47_r8Q,2011-10-14,8utC26Ibsuna98Czj0xx6A,4,Great atmosphere! Awesome drink specials :),review,dv8X5uglDB_foGqju_lJDg,0,0,0
e34tIpveepWkpvOuv_boqw,2011-07-28,2RSMZjSQlukiPMVpudH7vA,4,"Hard to miss with a Centurion guarding the entrance.  

I wished it was nice patio weather.  The place was very cozy and a little uncomfortable padded banko seating.  If the tables were only several inches higher, it would have been better!  

First off, we ordered Baked Brie and Raspberry  wrapped in puff pastry hors d'oeuvres with a side of grapes.  A couple of glasses of light and fruity red Portugal wines paired well. 

""Can I have some lemonade?"", nope, no lemonade.  ""How about Sprite?"", sorry, no Sprite.  So sad to see the look on cutie pie's face.  Even wine bars would have had something for him to drink.  ""Okay, water is fine.""  He gloomly said.  We promised him an Italian soda next door at Lola's.  He cheered up.

Killer pizzas, so I've heard.  We decided to order the Mozarella, basil (pesto instead), white truffle oil pizza.  The crust is amazingly toasty outside and soft and flaky inside.  Good 14"" inches for $12 pie!   We added Risotto with manchego cheese/chorizo.  It was very, very, very rich!  It was so rich, I wanted to reach for some bread to sop it up!

We were so full and carbo-ed up!  We didn't balance out our meals very well.   Good thing we took the lightrail downtown.  We needed to do a lot of walking after all that eating!

Kudos to the chef and the hostess/server, they were absolutely wonderful. 

Donec obviam redimus!",review,c3yJNjz_K--z4CIpR7yhvQ,4,4,3
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ,2009-04-13,n_m6asvzIpxloR9uZLLiQA,5,"There is only one reason  why I shouldn't love this pizza.

Waiting an OBSCENE amount of time for a pizza is a pretty big one. If this pizza was not as good I would be angry I think.

I would tell you about it ( HERE)... 

but you know what its that good. I have had pizza around the world ,its not the best..... but this is pretty close to the best you are going to get in this area code. I would love to say don't believe  ""the hype"" but yo there is a reason you have to wait sometimes as long as 4+ hours for a pizza on a Saturday night.

 Lets really face the reality of that night though. You are gonna want to hang  around at other bars drinking with your friends anyway.Its certainly not going to be a cheaper night of entertainment either.. Armed with that information you know what to expect. While there is another place close by that is just as good but not as central.This is worth it just to know what people are talking about.

This Pizza is wood fired and made with world class ingredients. The thin cust is perfect. 
The service at least for me was rushed and sorta unplesant. We were literally the last people in there by the time they sat us, so I am not sure if that behavior / treatment is normal. 

Not a place to pop in and grab a bite to eat with a small group but if you are REALLY not in rush then this place is one of the best in AZ.",review,Akwr-Kqif-NylJ3-EUlnWQ,0,3,0
zjPmQwY5L9CredUqFVttrg,2010-04-06,8LhtnziZX6vE1vChxLnJow,5,"Cheese Curds!   They have been so hard to find in AZ.    Like the Jalepeno ones too.

Really good fresh milk.   Worth the stop.

Bring cash, not credit or debit cards",review,haJXuFgFFNZYYdFF50EJ8w,0,4,0
xNmhVSujLo1kC9cgjOE-sw,2012-09-16,-wJMn0NQEqnp-nLnMOqOMA,4,"Icey iced ice... tasty and refreshing, Rita's delivers.  You can't help but smile as you walk in the door, anticipating the tasty goodness that is lined up in front of you.  They have simple cream ice, milkshakes, gelati, Italian ices, frozen custard, frozen custard cookies... and on and on. 

We stopped by on a random, warm afternoon after passing the new store and noticing the sign... a few samples later, we were sure that we'd found a winner.  My only 'ouch' came when I found out the calories and fat in my Blendini mix.  :-/  Glad I shared it!  We'll just make Rita's an occasional splurge.

Yum... Blendini!  We recommend the Vanilla custard with Toffee. :-D  

See ya there!",review,fPHLPrymsyb6WSFFKoMrTQ,1,1,1
Q6exnM7RmHdNMZqegdrmoA,2012-03-02,FqL-yYe1gYKzZXkz1h0irg,5,"I have lived all over the US, and I have experienced extreme lows and highs with dentists, but this dental group is by far my favorite I have ever been a patient of. I can't say enough good about them, so I won't ramble.... Just love them.",review,3ArIdn_lcSJdYLQo0a8srw,0,0,1
fDZzCjlxaA4OOmnFO-i0vw,2012-08-07,G-bplPFfJ2VgIz-Jwa1nTg,5,"I'm really not the type to want to go out for breakfast, I'd rather save my dining money for lunch or dinner because I figure I can usually make just as good of a breakfast at home.  However, there is no way I could match their french toast, it is just outstanding.  We have been twice and I ordered that both times.  The first time, I told the waitress to put the berry sauce on the side because I usually don't like fruit toppings, they are too sweet and fake tasting.   But this sauce is delicious! It is homemade and very natural tasting, I ate every bit of it.  We also loved the jalepeno bacon.  My kids loved the pigs in a blanket.  We had very nice service both times, we will definitely be back!",review,xiF7R4Sfyh4CF0vfXdeZkw,1,2,0
Bc4DoKgrKCtCuN-0O5He3A,2012-08-28,ZSRy-oF6W-3tDtg24Lyybw,3,"Great ice cream, but still just ice cream. Really enjoyed the salted caramel alongside a scoop of sweet corn. Feel a little silly for driving from Phoenix just for the taste but no complaints.",review,22IWHu_YwKMSEXORQGX8bg,0,0,0
PR5KXD_CUs05MGfXJ8CS3Q,2011-01-05,E-0eZiN9Ry6cva9Y_pN4ww,4,"Finally tried Pei Wei and overall we were very pleased.  I ordered the Spicy Ramen Noodle bowl which was not overly spicy, and tasted good.  Others ordered the Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and several appetizers of egg roll, lettuce wraps, and edamame.  Everything was good.  You can also opt for brown rice instead of white rice for a healthier route.  What amused me a lot were the Touch Screen Soda machines that had many varieties carried by Coca-Cola.  It was pretty cool!

Overall, good food, good service, okay prices.",review,Akk8XZQ0U0dt4MDxUjvagg,0,0,0
FqzgT9Y-Yu7jiWdHnGW-kQ,2010-01-10,ndsvP1BcnQ_lrCjRtGgiXA,4,"Yumm yumm yumm!   The burgers are fantastic and yummy!

The service has always been top notch, fast and freindly.
Love the inside and outside environment.    Could do without the TVs with sports playing on them...don't we get enough plugged in entertainment in our lives already?....but I'm probably in the minority.

Kid friendly for those well behaved kids of course. :)",review,M9cZwNoSKQDUVwO0R8UwIA,1,1,2
SjFl_V6BTGkmv4tbub-AVw,2008-09-04,XeD6j_ItpmuTjas2Z8A1rw,4,"PBR. Mad Dog 20/20. What??!! I was a witness to someone drinking Milwaukee's Best Light. Damn son. I guess if youre going to do it, do it cheap.

Get there early if you're going on Saturday morning for the game, it fills up quick. All in all, it is was it is. An Ohio bar, watching football, peeps getting sliggity sloppt. Most are still drunk from the night before. Makes for good people watching practice. Make friends with your neighbors when you find a seat. They could be from Ohio and a new person to be ""besties"" with.

Nice!! Thanks Mickey's, you rock... and roll.",review,ZqMS4ElQg-k1tQBC06h7lQ,6,6,3
5M7YgorCUTEZkKYNbKDHTA,2009-09-04,9hje_tww4fP-j4GZeWmNpA,2,"US Airways used to be right up there w/Continental.. now they're down there

I didn't even mind the fact that they started charging for their food.. 

But now they're going overboard.. 

I didn't want to bring a heavy jacket w/me to Cabo, so I wore a light jacket and I figured the standard blanket they give you during the flight would suffice.  I noticed there weren't any blankets on board and when I asked a flight attendant for one he said "".......yea.. for $7"" I almost started laughing cause I thought he was trying to crack a joke.   He wasn't.  

Introducing US Airways' ""nap pack"" comes w/crappy blanket, ear plugs, inflatable neck rest , for only $7!  Use the money you were previously going to use to purchase your online crappy meal for your standard necessities!  

So I decline.. and they must crank the A/C up ridiculously to tempt you to purchase their stupid nappy pack.. cause the tip of my nose was cold and I just couldn't sleep at all during my flight w hile I was trying cover every surface of my body w/my stretched out light jacket.

And you also suck cause you run out of your purchased meals...who doesn't pack enough for the flight?  You suck at even saving money for yourselves..",review,R9d_W_y_2h7eEg-Ie4ub-Q,2,3,3
le1IsRLrTq2Xo78RyFpsnw,2011-02-23,ncudV5yVmoT3PWvYorCszA,5,"Are you kidding me, this place is great.  Perfectly sized bread, quality ingredients, cool staff.  When I think dream sub, I think italian night club no mayo, and extra peppers.  Don't get no betta!",review,588oY8EejEFCr-ym_2TR0Q,1,0,0
NM2j6Y5NEyAseOi2sKzwGg,2011-12-24,b9KUO5Mga7k8wAn0iNpyew,1,"This place is worse than the IRS, at least the IRS admits when they made a mistake. But these arrogant workers will be caught dead before they hear themselves say ""sorry for the inconvenience"" or ""we made a mistake"".  They gave me different information on two consecutive visits that I made, then Dorrie, some lady who obviously should not have been working that day because she was coughing phlegm all over my documents, then after she asked me to wait by the counter for 10 minutes while their system updated.

 I waited, 1 hour and 30 minutes later I finally went to the information counter and asked for Dorrie... I was told that she had gone to lunch 15 minutes ago and was told to go talk to another lady. She just dismissed me and I went to go talk to the new lady, who was also extremely rude and kept rolling her eyes and interrupting me before I could finish my sentences.  Basically i spent total of 3 and a half hours waiting and getting attitude and nothing was resolved because of their mis information and Dorries idiot customer service ethics and the last ladys pride..  not one person resolved anything and they all were too proud to say ""we apologize for the inconvenice"".  I recommend this place if you wanna be late to work 2 or more hours and having your mild mannered patience tested to the maximum.",review,BwUeCQcuZcOfHmbps6Wv5g,0,0,0
GIGI8bJfN6HyPzmEW-QqjA,2006-08-08,9t7Sv30d5f6TAkoE3ofg-Q,3,Lunch here is delicious and well worth it.  Dinner?  Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere.  If it's easy-earned money and you don't care to spend then by all means enjoy the authentic atmosphere and above average French food... just don't order the flat iron steak.,review,y4JCKsEm0KlwtmHpZhbA4A,0,1,0
bfDQai9X59uWK-XgP0t6rA,2010-04-19,IdIHBl7zbdP7-yI-YzSciQ,5,"In terms of Mexican joints this place is the best.  With the outdoor atmosphere, tacky decor and authentic food, it just doesn't get any better.  The other locations are just as good.  The staff is usually pretty cool too, although one time we waited a VERY long time to get served at the Scottsdale location.",review,0mqHhdKEdak_A1FBhFNXqA,0,0,0
Mb46iSlA4qmTwXf-WrqtQA,2012-05-31,q1VCwOHnlaETDWg91r1rKA,2,"Yes, I've had better.

The chai lattes are pretty good, but not worth $4.50 for a large(which was a grande cup size at starbucks).  Prices are just the same as Starbucks, if not more.  And they have a credit card surcharge for less than $5 spent.  I still don't agree with that at any place I go too.  I liked the local artwork displayed.  But not impressed.  If the prices were lower, then I could see coming here more often.",review,S-07w5CJfDmEBTNZ9V-ycw,1,1,1
JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A,2009-06-18,tRZ9jSjOkRoIhoLLajKHkg,4,"Probably like many recent college graduates who enjoys the drink, one of my life goals it to eventually open up a microbrewery. I tend to shy away from the idea of a brewpub since I believe that an establishment should place focus on either its beer or the food. Places that do both tend to have mediocre beer and food or excellent beer but bad food. Four Peaks somehow passes the test on both their food and the beer.

First off, parking sucks and the place gets busy. I went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed. But with Happy Hour, what do you expect? Three dollar pints allowed me to try a bunch of their beers. My favorites included Kilt Lifter, Hop Knot IPA and the Raj IPA. They even held a delicious cask ale, style of holding beer that (thankfully) seems to be making its way into breweries and bars. 

The food included fairly typical brewpub fare. Burgers, wings, sandwiches etc. All of our items were of fairly decent quality. Or perhaps I was a bit too drunk to really notice the awful nature of the food. But fuck it, that beer was good. Hands down the best brews I've had at a brewpub.",review,gNF8usOGLdvdJL4aVp8IOQ,1,2,0
WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA,2011-09-28,cJ_1IwpAn8TWdgi5vo-KUQ,5,"One of the things I love about my neighborhood is that Cornish Pasty is w/in walking distance.

Every pasty Ive had here is awesome. My personal faves include the shepherds pie, the chicken pot pie, and the thanksgiving pasty.

Yes its tiny and loud, but it adds to the charm. Also, the smell that you smell right when you walk in the door= heaven.

We eat in and get to go. Tip for to go: have a beer or a cider w/ your wait.",review,X5GbNXY_nNoa_vTZDD0aCA,1,1,0
NcJ4Ug6EX4t_WBh3E0mXhA,2012-01-11,l-CJ8jVBvdSJOWLqV3nYvw,5,"An organized & clean store, a well educated & nice staff, a great selection of baby/kid products! I will never go to a babies r us again. Thank you Chandler buybuybaby!",review,Xvw4kRnBNvOT4ZrpJHKifA,0,0,0
-3WVw1TNQbPBzaKCaQQ1AQ,2010-06-30,d2Sd9AewFzjCEpI_DeMndw,4,"Perfect for a Quick lunch. And I mean seriously quick. Like ninja light speed fast. 

Under two minutes consistently from order to table. How can you beat that! One time they clock-in at 1min 45sec for a table of five. 

My favorites are the House Special Chicken, the Orange chicken and the Prawns. can't go wrong and you will leave stuffed and satisfied.",review,XM6M-WWbCAeLy83jrABkcA,0,2,0
ykfL94V9KLT86s_tTzxwZQ,2007-12-24,d_cgE4KjLS7wblV3aMw7kw,3,"I know I might some flack for only giving this place 3 stars, but really....it's no different than Chang's.  If I could give half stars, I would give it a 3.5.  Why?  Because I think it's better than Chang's.  It's exactly the same menu (just not as diverse), but cheaper.  If you are at this location, try Tott's instead.  I bet you'll start going there more often than here.",review,_vTyqTbfhZ-SlQVxz9HH8A,0,1,0
-4A5xmN21zi_TXnUESauUQ,2011-10-19,WFZ86IgC5vz_D0L43QKzHA,4,"MAN BUZZ! The breakfast buzz is the ultimate meat head drink. I mean espresso protein and smoothie all in one? Can't beat it! 

I have had many things on the menu here and all good. The bowls are awesome the breakfast club is out of this world and the veggie wrap add chicken(come on gotta do it!) is also awesome. Great drink selection, if you like Arnold Palmers ask for the Tiger Woods the next time you go in. E

Atmosphere is super laid back with a great stay. This is the only thing to warn you about it can take some time if you don't call ahead but its worth it!",review,b927p9pWxM9EYoNr_6PxYQ,0,1,0
z3yFuLVrmH-3RJruPEMYKw,2011-02-11,PNsEemFegniUx1guONCxjA,5,"Place is awsome.  Got the beef cheesesteak and everything was great.  The bread was possibly the best I have ever had.  Price was pretty good.  Just over 9 bucks for a whole sammich and soda.  While waiting I walked around and I plan on going back for some shopping.  Lots of pasta, sauces and just about anything you could want for Italian food.  5 stars all the way.",review,bADkBuUDonedhUd5KB598g,0,0,0
ytpmoIty7loFB8kRYRtJHw,2012-10-11,8tE5X1kaUrZRLlWYA7KM4g,5,"Grew up in San Antonio and Austin. Have traveled extensively and sampled BBQ all over the country. The term Texas-style means beef, first. Period. And good smoke, and that ain't mesquite. Oak is king. These guys have changed the face of Phoenician BBQ forever. It's a shame that the Scottsdale location was touched by ... well, Scottsdale. Friggin morons. If you have not been here, you need to go down to 24th and E. Roeser and try it. Hands down the best Q in the area, including Cave Creek. The guys are FROM Texas and they know the whats, wheres and hows of Bar-B-Que. 

And for those ""the meal in a carton on butcher paper"" snobs who think that such is declasse, please, do me a favor... Head on down to Austin or, better yet, Lockhart. Stand at the front of the line at Stubbs or Black's or Kruez Market and loudly proclaim your thoughts as a BBQ aficionado. Just let me know when you are heading down so I can hang out and watch the ensuing festivities. Freud said it best: BBQ and being horrifically anally-retentive is ALL about your unfulfilled dreams of your Auntie Ma. Or, shut up and grow up ya infantile gomers...",review,RCDhIFQlSth-gQkojdN13w,0,0,1
hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA,2010-07-01,KskfUgulzHQUFkh6gA5lNg,3,"I've been here a grand total of three times, and I probably won't be returning any time soon.  It's not that the food is flat out bad, per se, it's just that there are many better options nearby. The first time I went on a recommendation, and the food was... OK. The 2nd time I went the food was still only... OK. The third time... well, you get the picture.

The first obvious knock against Rosita's Place is the chips and salsa. They're not bad, but they're not complimentary. Given all the competition which offer free chips and salsa, you'd think these would have to be pretty darn special, but they're not. Good, but not outstanding.

Secondly, the rice and beans are just OK (that descriptor keeps coming up in this review). The chicken enchiladas were fresh, but lacked any real flavor or spice. The machaca, which is supposed to be  one of their specialties, was soggy... a BIG no-no for a dish that is a specialty in this region.

So, honestly, while I wouldn't discourage anyone from going here, I'm not sure what some of the hype is about, especially when Rito's, Tacos De Juarez, and Comedor Guadalajara aren't that far away.",review,y-U_S1LUaCknqdi9PG2ftg,0,0,0
I5ypI3aYbbTL8dAjnI3PDw,2010-02-14,psMnrkshrBBbqk-2SxX5og,4,"The staff is really helpful.  I arrived without credit card due to a travel mishap and they were great about providing assistance to get me to a bank to help clear things up.  Their bell staff is friendly and knowledgable.  They can and will get you anywhere in town.  

Room was okay.  Clean, well furnished and updated.  I had a window overlooking the courtyard and I would recommend avoiding that.  It can get a little loud at night.  

Banquet food was good.  Not great, but good and plentiful.  Good variety of dishes for everyone from salads and sandwiches to hot dishes.  A few of the items were a little salty for my taste but with a buffet style service, if something didn't suit, you could replace it with something else.  The break service was astonishing--they really go all out!  

If you are visiting during the right weather, do not miss the pool area.  It's fantastic!",review,UgzVB_RRQEg0kZ3IibRuHA,1,1,0
TzImzfIWkZTnetKl2a4-SQ,2011-04-15,wqJR3cK83U2vlLACC6ow0Q,4,"I have to admit, the reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 is a) I want it to stay in business (which can be hard on Mill these days!) and b) It's one of the few places on Mill where you can bring your child without feeling like you may get heckled. ;) lol Now, I definately enjoy a night out without the babes too, but this is a place I go for happy hour with my husband and daughter. The beer/wine is good, the food is good (I like the southwestern egg roll apps), the price is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is nice (thought I was going to say good, huh?). We love to sit on the patio and people watch.",review,GSZebDbIf0h_2MFv8xBGrw,0,1,0
h7hr0v3E1ulU2sXNItD5UQ,2008-09-25,m7LUrlDnxNkU-_qkum7ocw,3,"Similar to Los Betos - Fiesta is decent inexpensive mexican food. The staff is nice and accommodating. I did have a pretty hilarious conversation with the girl at the counter though... I was trying to order my burrito without onions, and she kept saying ""okay"" and ""yes"" and nodding at everything I said. I would ask her questions and she would say ""yes"" and press buttons on the register. It took me a few minutes to realize she had absolutely no idea what I was saying. 

Aside from that, my burrito wasn't bad... nothing special though. The beans were from a can, the guacamole wasn't fresh (I doubt anything was), everything is cooked in or made of lard, their chips are flavorless and kinda stale, and they are seriously lacking any sort of salsa. They just have the typical generic nameless hot sauce found in these joints. 

As I said - Los Betos... but cleaner and a little better maybe. It's just a place for convenient late-night munchies.",review,Cp-PV8rsypbO-xBrQ6KmQg,1,2,2
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw,2010-12-03,3NYw2YxTge_e5IX6pAskNQ,4,"Was here awhile back and Sharon H's review will sum it for atmosphere but i will try and cover my feelings on the taste.

The bruchetta is great.

Yeah really that simple. I haven't tried much but bruchetta here but haven't really been disappointed either. Even the ones that ""haven't been a fan of"" of the ones i tried when i have mixed and matched when getting to select I still would order over bruchetta at most places as they are still very good. Did try a pizza once and wasn't amazed but nothing stood out (it's been awhile since that). The bruchetta however comes to mind every time i hear the word.

Oh and the service is very friendly and attentive. One night I was in and they had just finished a major catering event and it had said on the front door that the kitchen was going to be slow until about the time we arrived. Yet when we ordered and it took a bit to get the food (barely a delay in my book and if I hadn't been apologized to by the waiter probably wouldn't have know it was longer than normal) we got a nice little discount.",review,XeoAojoz5johV2MQ5ngNig,0,0,0
zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ,2009-02-19,kWilrefFxn6DLRqyT8-uPA,5,"Mmm dirty hipster bars.  Let me count the ways in which I love you.

You are cheap (we had $2 Stellas)
You are interesting (local art on the walls that I'm told changes regularly)
You are full of pretension (people watching is always worth the price of admission)
You are friendly (like minded souls can smell each other out)

If you are in the Roosevelt district, I highly recommend stopping in for happy hour.  Its cheap and hipstery.  Both words have been used to describe me, so I am naturally predisposed to this place.",review,o33IBagNFxdJhIrRTl691Q,4,5,8
EmlgWjs1ZzZEpDjZCSPLmw,2011-10-14,aqmUrTEgmyT9keQd7qGZsw,4,"The new Esplanade is fantastic!

Food exceeded my (admittedly low) expectations. Everything packed a lot of flavor, and there was more thought and care put into it than I would normally expect from a restaurant that sources its food from a national distributor. For example, the breadstick that came with the Chicken Mac 'n Cheese was a soft pretzel. Cute, no? The Mac 'n Cheese and Chicken Fajita Wrap were on par with the best meals I've had at a TGI Fridays or Applebys. I mean that in the best way possible... This is simple whitebread American dining, but it's done well. Price points for food and alcohol were competitive with those chains as well... Most of the meals clocked in under $10, though soda was almost $4. 

Service was scary good. Push a button, BOOM! they're there at your side. Our drinks were refreshed before we could finish them. Super friendly waitress. Their efficiency bordered on supernatural. I mean, it's not like they can just look out over a one-room restaurant to see what's going on with their section of tables. So mad kudos to everyone who works there. 

There are two kinds of theaters, and you have to go to the AMC website to know which one your show is playing in. Note that the high-end theaters are 21+. Even the basic level had extraordinarily comfortable seating. Seats are arranged there mostly in groups of four. The enormous comfy chairs are worth the slightly higher ticket price. 

If you go during the day, don't pay the extra $1 to order your tickets from AMC's site. Otherwise, it's worth it: The seats are assigned.

My only complaint is that the popcorn only comes in a small bag. Refills are unlimited, and you only need to push a button to get more, but it's difficult to share a bag with a group of friends without calling for more every five minutes.",review,P8KlUtWEu-b6ZwM7XjuxBg,0,1,1
5hFnyiEboorArk7cbCYeXQ,2009-09-01,RS5693YyrmMzDvrempbizQ,4,"Seriously, better than ANY other gyro place I have ever been.  The meat is the real stuff, not frozen strips heated up.   pitas are hot and slightly toasted.  HERE'S THE UNUSUAL PART :  Absolutely spectacular fries!

If you are like me and hate soggy limp fries, you don't have to worry at JT's.  Perfectly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside - the way fries are supposed to be.  I usually have to order my fries 'well done' and at other places they are STILL soggy.  Not here.

I have taken two Fry snobs here to see what they thought and they both gave them rave reviews!",review,79JSvNNh7qbNqdCYQRgAww,1,0,0
OFBJtqWGSx6n6CchtVmoRw,2011-10-26,xu9YvBL07OX0qYm2nIohXg,2,"I thought I was really in for one of the best burgers of my life due to my fellow Yelpers' reviews but was sort of disappointed.  I did like the fries in the shopping cart, that was pretty creative, but they weren't anything special.  Same way I felt about the Delux burger.  The meat was dry and the condiments were lacking which made it worse.  I thiknk the bun was the best part.  I did do a cool beer flight which was nice.  The atmosphere is pretty neat here but I probably won't visit again if I'm in the area.",review,FQFsuPE8C3lppg7sZoRFRg,0,1,0
FjQWjXvFCdrgdU3Rgi3b3w,2010-12-09,DmXM2yYnhyPCYoRs1oMeww,5,I try and eat here regularly. Hummus is great. Very personable staff. And the atmosphere is awesome. Look forward to the next time!,review,KBFLeo1pwwmkROhnYAbCGg,1,3,0
V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA,2012-09-09,K_bidLG2u6kLYQHobfJzwg,4,"This place has a great location. Hidden away in Old Town next to the art park of Scottsdale. Perfect place to take an out of towner.

I suggest sitting outside. They have misters, of course, and umbrellas. Inside is just a little too cramped for me. 

Portions are huge! Not complaining. You are def.  getting your moneys worth. 

On weekends make sure to come early- this place gets packed out! 

overall, a great breakfast/brunch place and good place to get rid of your hangover! ...plus being a Georgia girl- PBR tall boys woop woop",review,OW_Eh1DsEnlTWALBC1xCHw,0,0,0
Y3cFaIPFSMOgOf7zsADMxQ,2011-05-22,DRGM2aBClukcUqlOYVYaYQ,5,"I really love this gym. It is so nice and well maintained. There is always plenty of towels to grab before a workout.  The childcare is excellent and has the security part down. When you sign up as a member you and your child are given assigned wristbands to use during visits. The staff have always been good about ensuring the numbers on them match prior to releasing my child to me. You can even tune into the cameras to watch your child on the tv's that are on the cardio equipment. Childcare is also open 7 days a week and doesnt close for lunch like most gyms. There is also plenty of group classes throughout the day if you are into Zumba or cycling,etc. I recommend this gym to anyone especially parents needing quality childcare.",review,yAeo2D5NdtGuGG2o1M1aGQ,0,0,0
NlxvN9wUw14qIS6ledk15Q,2010-06-04,DfuGHKBgN4lb1V7-EqEiiw,4,Good place and food I'd very good for bar food. A bit pricey but good atmosphere. Great service.,review,kpdpcrEauxA2bhg-f05W-w,0,0,0
69t2S1u7Rf6qM_c14b42xQ,2011-08-24,1l02GfpnOu59kriBnLdswg,4,"Could use a remodeling job, but the food is really good for the area.  The wait staff is very attentive, and the free chips and hot sauce for dipping, are REALLY GOOD.  The fajitas are my usual.  Worth the visit and you'll leave satisfied.",review,n2BtqUzIsQv7Vw9pJc3Xow,0,1,0
MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA,2012-07-11,_CZd4-qq4hg9K6LWSKRbfw,5,"Been dying to come here ever since I saw this place on Unique Eats. Very laid back gastropub with a friendly, funny/entertaining staff!  We grabbed drinks at the bar first - Moe'scow Mule (ginger beer, cucumber, lime, rocks) & the Persian (Absolut Wild Tea vodka, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, sweet & sour, Persian cucumber juice, lemon peel, rocks) which were both good, not too strong, but a good refreshing drink.

Appetizers:
1) Pork Belly Pastrami (rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut)
2) The Original Chopped Salad
Please order both. They were both delicious! I was in love with the salad especially.

Entrees:
1) Lamb Burger (Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion, tzatziki, Kennebec French fries & house made ketchup) I tend to be very picky about my lamb... Actually I'm not reallly a fan of it/the particular taste and smell lamb has. Why I ordered this, I don't know, but I can tell you that I liked it. The taste/odor of lamb wasn't overwhelming and it was juicy.
2) Pan Seared Scallops (Hampshire bacon, roasted corn grits, wilted snow pea greens & Red Rock cola gastrique)
3) Amaro Meatloaf (Montenegro Amaro Italian liqueur, pork, beef, parsnip meatloaf, smashed Yukon gold potatoes, roasted zucchini, veal demi-glace): the server described it as very meaty and meaty it was! Usually meatloaf is fluffed up with a lot of bread crumbs, but this one was mainly just meat. The mashed potatoes were very good as well.",review,Ki71iAFTxsPPQfX430c99Q,0,1,0
xWKtOLuIOVGZprcpGiqpQA,2007-08-02,U6PxaM9UPfde5NyUIf1giA,4,"What a sandwich! Not a lot of frills, and the sides are underwhelming, but if you just want a really good toasted sandwich for lunch...Sticklers will hit the spot. 

And it's downright cheap!

The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars, is because the service was a little course, and the place was REALLY busy without a lot of seating space. Plus, it's only open 'till 4 PM! And not at all on weekends! DOWNTOWN RESTARANTS THAT ARE ONLY OPEN FOR LUNCH ON WEEKDAYS DRIVE ME CRAZY!!!!!!!!

Come to think of it, the fact that I was willing to give it 4 stars despite all that is a testament to how awesome their sandwiches are., because there aren't many other good things to say about it.",review,VBEbhE0ISjg6xowGNiGmgQ,3,3,1
kMxYp2GZL5ic6b05gPP57Q,2012-06-12,MzXtZUWQIAdPRC_21FbjFw,1,"Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped ready to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!!",review,8fTTvS499XCz4oP49kxq8A,1,5,2
L8STRioAgDx-_FRFuuUU2Q,2011-07-02,Y3PfzEl9I3NbqO43zzpV8g,5,"Do Taco Jedis work at Senor Taco? 

Yes. Yes they do.

Is the force of making killer fast Mexican food strong with these Jedis? 

Oh hell yeah!

Try the shredded beef tacos in the hard shells. When they ask you if you want hot sauce, say 'si' and drizzle it mightily onto the tacos. Piled cheese, beef, lettuce, tomatoes all stuffed into an authentic-style taco shell - it doesn't get any better than this. Just make sure you put a helmet on because it's crazy good.

If you like spicy, no-nonsense burritos, go with the Carne Asada Burrito (Red Chile).

If you like the whole meal, go with the Carne Asada or Pollo Asado burrito combo plates. The plate comes with flour tortillas, beans and rice, guacamole and salsa fresca. You make your own burritos. This is just good eatin'. Take it home, crack open a good Hefeweizen, and you are golden.

And lastly, from the sage words of my wife: ""The shrimp tacos and burritos are certified gourmet meals!"" Do I stutter? Nope.

While Senor Taco is technically 'fast food' it does take some time to prepare. If you do drive-thru don't get all road ragey if it takes longer than it does at Taco Bell. There is a price to pay to make good food and that price is TIME. This is not a worldwide chain that spends more on advertising and earning your business by putting cute little dogs on plastic mugs. Senor Taco is not that type of place. A little wait is very much worth it.

I realize that appearance of the location irks some reviewers. Yes, it is in a strip mall. Yes it is 100-150 feet away from a gas station slash AM/PM mini market. I get that. But this is not Sanctuary. This is not Kai. This is not Deseo. When one reviewer (and I use the word 'reviewer' loosely here) hilariously claims to have walked in, used his Superman vision to supposedly spot a family of offending microbes and (without trying the food) proceeded to sprint out because he was frightened of all the imagined cooties ... well... I just have to laugh. That's not a review, it's a drive-by, and reviewers like this are probably happier with Hometown Buffet or Luby's Cafeteria. And that's too bad because this is excellent fast food.

I've eaten here maybe 15-20 times and my wife has ordered the fish taco plate a number of times and neither of us has ever gotten sick. The people at Senor Taco are nice, the food pleasantly surprises and your expectation of fast Mexican food will be forever changed for the better. I can't recommend highly enough.",review,5Hn3cmf16gCaZYCrXD8nEA,1,1,1
l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg,2008-01-08,D_v6nEJ7qqxdxpl8YAJr3w,2,"This store is too busy. Don't get me wrong, I love my Mac more than anything but the service at this store is god-awful. Luckily before purchasing my Mac I researched until I knew exactly what I wanted. I seemed to know more than the associate that helped me! Purchasing it was more of an awkward affair - I couldn't wait to get out of there. 

Also, it's always almost impossible to get into the Genius Bar. My iPod malfunctioned sometime earlier this year and after waiting in the store for 45 minutes to be seen, I was only informed that the damages were more in depth than they thought and I would need to schedule an appointment. It's just an iPod, people! The experience itself was more than frustrating. I stick with Amazon on this one.",review,4dnDsoHuxUtzhaumxbpR5w,0,2,0
UtUXhKh7vOVvWJF48IzJvQ,2011-09-03,j42xCDV5IEQVXsK2R60u1w,5,Stopped in looking for some break from the heat after a couple hours shopping.  They have a happy hour menu that we tried several dishes from and all were very good.  Menu also has a good selection of alcoholic drinks nut we stuck to H2O hydration instead.  Staff and management were very attentive.  Would definitely recommend.,review,b8amFHFX0bHs0wPxhc5q9A,0,0,1
OHFdbNVrnngg3u_Xn5nYfA,2009-03-09,Dx_ytdkd7sIEQGsWg_R_qw,5,"I've been Dr. Castilla's office for 7 years.  Her office has relocated and her practice has grown over the years and for good reason.  She is a Dr. that treats you as a person and takes her time to honestly answer your questions.  She makes eye contact with you and I couldn't ask for anything more.  Just remember, it is a large practice and the staff is sometimes questionable.  But, she's worth the wait!  
Now that we've relocated, I hate to give up Dr. Castilla.  She's irreplaceable!",review,sGioMpXmP0HS4t1DKr3eBw,1,2,0
5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg,2011-05-09,pcHoakXW7WFrWKkRS5ai7A,4,"Absolutely LOVE the ambiance - very romantic with the brick and stone and walls of wine. The fireplace and comfy seating make it very intimate. In my opinion, the best time to come here is for brunch. Yes, even on a Sunday nursing a hangover, the food, drink and decor can't be beat. Very reasonably priced mimosas and bloody's as well as some of the best breakfast items you could ask. My fave is the eggs benedict with thier Mexican twist - the carne adovada is also amazing and very satisfying. No skimping on the meat here, and it's not drowning in sauce - I have yet to finish a full plate of anything. Thier potatoes even get my mouth watering.  

Service was great the last time we went, but the first time we had to go up to the bar to remind the gal we were there. After that she was more than attentive and the food more than made up for it. I could linger here for hours and get in some serious trouble! 

Have not been to the downstairs area or had any other meal here, but can't wait to go back!!!",review,ie38wJhGTHqb3gx9DRuGug,0,0,0
fPExBO1aXA5c4uwlHFyx2Q,2011-10-21,AMMkQQx3BbeW1xcr5iAjSw,4,"great, family owned place that feels like the kind of italian joint that is made with love. 

Food options are very good with traditional italian dishes and unique entrees that can't be found elsewhere.",review,3eit3w0zDbb-z57c9P60vg,0,0,0
wN_wAXWg8W94v04eqijy6g,2012-06-26,9AV6pIWLjp_Zj8fMvhC9BA,5,"there is none better.  This taco shop is off the beaten path hidden and mixed in next to a smoke shop and behind a circle k.  Parking can be at a premium but the payoff is the food.  great friendly service, low key on the inside and flavors and textures that rock your socks off!!  I mean really.  My favorite taco shop in the valley, or more to the point prob. one of the best in the west!  the burros are as think as a mans arm, the tacos are soooo good. i especially like the chorizo, the lingua is good, the carne is excellent.  have a cane sugar coke in a bottle and find a seat, inside or out you will savor the flavors and be sure to use the sides of grilled peppers and onions, they make the meal for me.  now where to go for lunch ?",review,I4GAIZhlwLkGXa9PdQ18rA,1,1,0
t4aP7ksa716XY6S4EsWFqw,2011-11-12,Hix_CyB5h5K24mCsv8D1BA,5,"Such strange combinations of flavors, yet they taste so good.  We've been here three or four times and are never disappointed.",review,FmwWPEQMcxCGI5K1yqAXaA,0,0,0
TWeA9VoP4hBSJtk3uHTEzg,2009-03-15,IeA-iz-AiYSn1-7heUkpNw,3,"Very cute, pretty good sandwich and coffee.  This is a pretty good place to stop in between shopping sprees.  They have really good/healthy sandwiches and good coffee drinks.  

*Service = really fast and nice
*Food = good and healthy
*Atmosphere = relaxing and cute
*Brownie = yummy :)",review,cH1lLTHReO6uDTif9bfOBA,0,0,0
cQZcWeIDKEF-7nWU3gJMUw,2012-12-05,8rte6c7Dl0rI0duzJ7n_eQ,4,I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.  We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.  On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.  Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.  The beef and pork tacos are the best.  If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.,review,ysBQMZiuZ7VSu_YAh-lE0Q,4,4,4
rr13jM6SUmfPPPGHHMHCgQ,2011-01-03,Nck38RkrIA5NQt_VvrKpzw,5,"Good reviews are easy to write. Stop reading this and just go eat there! 

OK, well I have visited this place for years now and don't go anywhere else if I am in this area. 

I like the Chef's, they are friendly and quick. They speak pretty good Spanish to me and but I don't dare try to respond in Japanese, ha ha. 

The value is phenomenal, where can two people get miso soup, salad, beans, tea, ice cream and sushi rolls all for under $20? 

I've tried the same at Say Sushi in my hometown of Maricopa and can't do it for under $40 or more for two. 

All you can eat is available but I find that ordering individually is more economical. 

Great atmosphere for a quick lunch or a large party for dinner. 

The waitresses are Asian and I find that suitable for the restaurant. Some reviews on here complain about them. I don't have any issue with them they have always treated me nice and done their job well. 

I will keep coming back.",review,pefVcILrG0JCD6YeS37s6Q,0,1,0
fdpkvInTuPyct43snlBG-A,2012-08-11,Z9dFyPbavhJJHFpR7gKEFA,5,"Thank you Jen & Mike for making what I expected to be a hard decision so easy! My boyfriend and I will do all of our future shopping at this location! Whatever you need here ask for them, Jen is the store manager and Mike was more than amazing! They told us that not many people knew about this location and I promised I would change that! Make sure to post your awesome experience next!  I love my ring!!!!",review,zoXnswGnM7ZJ0pGNZ96CSQ,0,1,0
8lKiCgPn_eonn5CNsffabw,2011-10-05,HS3ZFH2G_5_-MnJjPCYqsw,4,"Mmmmmm...why did I wait so long to try this????  Unbelievable pizza!!!!!!!!!!  I would give 5 stars, bjt the service was...well, not great.  Its ok, we all have off days.  We'll be back!!!!",review,-ezIxSw-wSBg7cNwjjb3cg,0,0,0
uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ,2012-06-25,1LTWWPmVaY9AZemEjNlqHA,4,"I would give this one 5 stars if it weren't for the terrible hostess that made us feel so incredibly uncomfortable!!!  We had friends in town and they were dying to try it out.  Love the restaurant concept and the food.  I wish I could eat it every day!! 

Pros: 
chicken - crispy, incredibly seasoned
waffles - thin and the perfect crunch!
red kool aid 'drank' - just like it was when you were a kid!
mac 'n cheese - creamy and delish!
the price!!

Cons: 
hostess was rude
bathroom was a lil stinky/dirty... sadface

Can't wait to take more out of towners to this place!",review,dgNeLSvcN_4llzZ-m-9cgA,0,0,0
xs1LHeJy78u-7taSEnQ2Yw,2011-11-29,TlwQi8xKU0062Zdzq-Pt6Q,5,"Best calamari in town, and awesome service. Tokyo glow is a great drink, super refreshing.",review,f01B5tRtqf3k6ak1pPSAWw,0,0,0
FCJHirFzEtj4M1VcuaKieg,2011-08-10,DhpS2EFNVXpUnrsNFF2X9Q,5,"Yes, it's pricey, so I got a membership. Yes, the membership is pricey - but if you go frequently (and you'll want to with the hot summer months) you'll get your money's worth and then some. The place is big enough that you can do different exhibits for each trip. Great place to take the grandparents to watch the kids in their element, too!",review,VGXYc_r-jDjyhqhlWNs91Q,0,0,0
17AQhJKGRA3YLeN0pB64cg,2012-05-25,PPKxod62hSbSuwm6XJv1vg,2,"Love the coffee not thrilled about my service. Of the 4-3 times I have been in the barista has never been behind the counter ready to serve me.  Every time that I have walked in they follow me off the patio where they have been smoking.  I know that you are entitled to a break but, sitting out chit chatting with your friends smoking is not what you get paid for.  Either I have bad timing coming in when they are on break or the kids there are huge slackers.",review,LZAE5d9vjQgRlQhBbVFWUA,0,1,0
yktWUtKBja_Lzk3wwR6RFA,2011-09-30,EJ2VX9wyvqlc8MG_4ng2qQ,4,"In the interest of full disclosure the only thing I every really go here for is the lunch buffet but wow, what a great buffet! I believe the buffet itself is about $10 and for that you get a wide range of vegetarian items and as with other items on the buffet most of those get changed out over time so you get a rotation of various dishes as you come back. They also have hummus and baba ghanoush (like hummus but made with eggplant instead of chickpeas). There is generally at least one dish with red meat (today it was a tomato based stew with eggplant and either beef or lamb) and usually two dishes with chicken.

I generally get iced tea to go with the meal and one thing to note, they do not serve alcohol so if you want to go someplace where you can also have a drink or two, this would not be a good place to go but if you just want a place with really good Middle Eastern food (the owners told me it is really Lebanese cooking but I'm going to just generalize and say for most of us, when you try it, you will think Middle Eastern). Of course, you can walk a block or two to 4 peaks brewery, in the same area, and have a drink or two before or after you your meal. 

One really nice thing about this place it is right off the Apache stop on the light rail and right across the road (same side of the street) is Pita Jungle so a wide range of good food options right off that light rail stop.

Bottom line, I've never had anyone I've taken here NOT like it and everyone who has gone has wanted to go back again. I like it for lunch during the workday because it is quick and you have a wide variety of regularly changed out tasty food options, so I recommend you give it a try if you have the time. :-)",review,aIAjAU-6NH583EkQ6E9KRw,0,0,0
asebFFgabg_lfoNpGJHZlQ,2011-02-17,VPnkCBxu3DujXF8fiAveAA,4,"I went to this place the night before my birthday, after making 3 u-turns and k-turn...after reading all the good reviews about this place, i expected to see a lighted up sign at the least to make the average driver realize where to turn...other than that it was great food, looks can be deceiving, looks like a run-down cafeteria but the food was amazing, the bbq beef brisket were tender and melt in your mouth, the pork ribs was delicious, the family size cole slaw was ridiculously small, i thought i was in france ordering es cargo.. but overall good food",review,iBI6tuNFT6we5zTBqC7kcA,0,1,0
HDvCnqIf5twbMb5-eG1EJw,2008-12-02,Fl_ZfBCUkUsuiBQgaQUeXQ,4,"Wow-- SO many breakfast options I had a hard time deciding what to order.  They've got skillets, scrambles, and omelets galore.  Not to mention two baked pancakes that sound amazing.  I'll definitely be back to try those.  

During my recent visit I went with the New Mexican Skillet, which consists of eggs, chorizo, avocadoes, cheese, and tomatoes served over nice crispy hash browns.  The chorizo was well-seasoned and not too greasy.  I appreciate that they have the options of egg whites or Egg Beaters, although I dislike the up-charge!  But you can't put a price on health (says the woman eating chorizo and hash browns).  The fresh-squeezed orange juice was delicious.

Portions are huge here.  Supposedly the skillets have two eggs, but I think I got more like 4, and the scramble at another table looked like it had about six.  Even though the place was full, the service was excellent.  Just know that you may have to wait a while for a table if you go on a weekend.",review,YL8SKv-pwx-Wj9cwGYrn3g,1,1,0
QCosRCJ1owLMgaHnXOMqQQ,2008-08-13,BQSoI9zuSsH7qj05QaHNrg,3,"We have one of the 1st ones to open in the valley right near us and it's OK.  Sure it has a selection of ready to eat or grocery selections, but watch the pricing.. you (somewhat understandably) pay for the convience and the ""time savings"" of their ready to go's.  I do like their concept and do shop there occasionally (more like if i just need something quick).

Their hotdog buns are sorta sweet which is different, not different bad, just different!

As for the Hybrid only parking... I don't think so...  what a joke!  :)",review,DnwHp_A92KvllfaUIdFraw,1,0,0
S8O3BoCDEK-te8U-0IvZog,2011-07-31,Oslfg_MNseUWfSJaFyfPGA,5,We were greeted with very friendly staff.  We had the fried knocci for an appetizer with a fabulous marinara sauce - usually do not order knocci but these came recommended and were very good.  The bread was crusty on the outside & chewy on the inside -very yummy.  We sat at the bar as we usually do and the bartender brought over a sample of their meet sauce to try with more bread.  I don't eat meat sauce but my husband said it was very good.  I had a heft cosmo & my husband had a beer.  For dinner i had the pasta trio that was fabulous - probably the best italian food i've had since the cioppino at Allesia's restaurant.  My husband had the linguine with white clam sauce also very good.  I'm certain these pasta dishes were homemade because they just had amazing flavor - I wanted more!! We finished with tiramisu that was also really great.  My husband had coffee and even that was great.  A little pricey in my opinion for italian food but due to how great all of it tasted -  we think it was worth it.  This will be a definite dining destination in the future.,review,Yefgp7lJumG7SHwYf7poDg,0,0,0
581qSMwGGgdVSdiBTsrPyQ,2012-01-05,2M4aXKpdJkU79nbtgOhSvA,2,"I like Rubio's in general, but this location is pretty hit or miss on the food quality and service.  I prefer the one on the other side of the I-10 next to the movie theater.",review,3ONPPazUH-Q3XblYJIaA1A,0,0,0
wNUea3IXZWD63bbOQaOH-g,2012-11-12,bKwkVC0g_ooNvhyjSIsL5A,2,"I'm not impressed with their medium to high priced menu. Sushi is never cheap, but the quality of the sushi rolls and presentation is a bit messy and not impressive for the high-end decorated type of restaurant. I've had way better quality, presentation, and taste at other sushi restaurants that are not high-end. I guess we were paying for the ambiance and decorations more than anything.",review,ZPk_wcW7Xot6LngEUj_F6g,0,1,0
7QSYBp2-AOdyUJXEaLnbgA,2008-06-13,ropcaaEQJLhfkiuOeyARYQ,4,"I really like Bandera.  I really LOVE their cornbread.  Best dang cornbread I've ever had.  I dream about it in fact.  Food is always great, service is usually great as well.  Great place to take guests if you're not sure what they like.

My only complaint...Bandera is a fairly casual restaurant, yet last time I was there my father was asked to remove his cap.  No biggie, he willingly obliged, but then I noticed the staff didn't seem to have a problem with the cute little thing wearing hers at the next table.  Come on, be consistent guys.",review,wHg1YkCzdZq9WBJOTRgxHQ,4,4,4
38ei9EOHa9WP6iIHOUlHSQ,2012-11-28,ortfa7JcZb_RwBQWSYFukA,4,"Michigan anything fans, this is your breakfast place.

Really good breakfast selection, decent prices, and a very friendly staff. Im pretty sure we were the youngest people in the restaurant, but I dont care. Their food is GOOD.

My husband enjoyed a Belgiun waffle, bacon, and eggs while I had the morning mashup...i think thats what it was called. It was basically a denver omelet w/ bacon mashed together w/ hash browns. While it didnt look ""pretty"", it was delicious.

We'll definitely be visiting again when were in the east valley.",review,X5GbNXY_nNoa_vTZDD0aCA,3,2,1
VKNl2-aF4n1x7lPVyU-Mag,2012-02-03,cZkbnHbLDVPZJtKTcgwR1g,1,Experience with Hostess was rude. Service with a frown. Our waiter had attitude too. It was a birthday dinner and we were in great spirits..so this review is written with clarity. The margaritas were strong-check ok there. The shrimp appetizer was different and very good and $18 for four shrimp. We ordered two mahi mahi dinners (each $24)and they were RANCID. Yup. I said RANCID. We asked if the shrimp fajitas dinner had the same jumbo and they said they would have to charge extra (each entree was priced at $30) we had to pay extra for the beans and rice that they had left on the table-which was cold by the time the shrimp dinner--which came with 5 shrimp and onions.  Poor service with an attitude. Mediocre food to say the least...all over-priced. Never going back.,review,pU3iTU8tPggt81R8f57pTw,0,0,0
1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw,2010-08-25,gc0FSudnWtBWlADOEzgpbg,5,"Great food their pork is awesome !!!!  The slow cooking made this dish superb.   Of course the margaritas are as good as they get!
Overall everyones food was tasty and the service was great.  The place was very busy with allot of energy.",review,ARIT9F0X-hi73unv75kIWA,0,0,0
x-lEn6WxwqSNrdYdgjRsyw,2009-08-06,FJEB8pyjjL1FuqTuq7UOiw,4,"dilly's has to be one of my favorite sandwich shops of all time. they have such a wide variety of choices that anyone who comes can pick something to suit their taste buds. 

i always go for the blazin buffalo because i eat wing sauce on nearly everything. boars head meats on all their sandwiches which is great but jacks the price up quit a bit. a sandwich, drink, and a side was about $10. i went with the pasta salad as a side, which was nothing special, your average run of the mill pasta salad. my sandwich on this particular visit was lacking a sufficient amount of buffalo sauce and i neglected to ask for extra before i left, assuming that they wouldn't be stingy with it. the bread is good, they toast it so it tends to get soggy if you take it to go. the bread bowls are good too, i've had the clam chowder and chicken noodle and i recommend both.

service here is usually quite slow. even when it's not busy in there, like today around 2, i had to wait 10 minutes to get my sandwich and even saw some guy who was two people behind me get his order before me. when it's busy, you're going to be waiting even longer. they need to pick up the pace.",review,HY9qpAamqLXFoa7xMwNntg,1,1,0
muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw,2011-01-24,tExQf_95iNJIGsAgNf3qIQ,3,"I love Cheuvronts and have been going there regularly for years. Why only three stars then? Over the past year and a half the service has gone downhill. I find that the servers are impersonal and rigid, and sometimes a little pompous. After three or four bad experiences in a row I just don't go there anymore. They do have great cheese plates and a fantastic happy hour...just don't catch them when they have a special event going on.",review,e9d9EQqOd2-NlX8WFx0aEg,0,1,0
0vzZ_Bcb02rJljeMU9XkBw,2008-11-01,nfBN8FS7cr9ZA58TIhy-Uw,4,"You know, I've read some mixed reviews on this place. I enjoy going here. I think the pricing is reasonable, and I haven't had bad service. The food is pretty good (in comparison to other Phoenician Sushi restaurants).",review,QwO4LVCiPZZdg5URrQfYpw,0,0,0
UexMw8s7B1J-RtFOQtCCsQ,2011-12-04,sgS_02TZ1rVOKk4CkRdnXg,2,"I've never been so impressed with the quality of food here, but it's fine for a chain American-Italian restaurant. But I am currently sitting here at a table, and have been for an hour, with no promise that a plate of food will be here in the near future. I'm not sure I will be back, I'm sure the Keg next door is better, and that's not saying all that much",review,Fyc_FceEM4Bce1wx-x3RYA,0,0,0
ToJ9eJ9pKZXhlVyUmCFnJw,2010-02-01,PHtSSo8sZuow39XvcZT92w,4,"Hike #4 for 2010 was North Mountain Park.  Got there around 10:30am on a Sunday.  Sunny and wonderful weather!  We got a parking near Trail #44.  We hiked up trail #44, it was strenuous but we needed a little more so we went down the pavement and off to this little trail that led us to trail #101.  Cool!  It was a little declines/inclines and between two mountains.  The scenary was goregous!  We walked until we hit trail #100 and we took a left.  Walked and walked..  Watched people walk their dogs & people riding horses.  Neat!  We got to where the trail ended.  Hum?  Went off to trail #60 then.  Another strenuous hike and it was a circle.  Circled back to trail #100 and we back tracked all the way back.  3-1/2 hours later we were back at the car.  

Man, my calves are SORE today!",review,_PzSNcfrCjeBxSLXRoMmgQ,3,3,2
2FudHUhV9U54dm0S1ePuCw,2011-08-22,UaYfODgSTvp3uYWnM6NZ2Q,3,"good coffee, friendly staff, good food.  they forgot to bring out the bagel I had ordered, but were very apologetic about it.  I will go here again.",review,mSRwdGB_oMEIxtY7I0SU-A,0,1,0
MJTds5mMqXEzYFI1TDCA8Q,2011-07-24,NLAEwRB90aXlezD5xPtl7Q,3,"This Safeway holds a special place in my heart. It is only a block away from my house, the shelves are always stocked and it never seems to be busy.  There is a pharmacy (and they are quick!), meat counter, floral department, bakery and a Starbucks kiosk.  The staff is friendly, though often in no rush to get customers on their way.  There are some great deals to be had here...just don't forget your discount card.  Without it the prices are downright unreasonable, hence, the somewhat sad, three star rating.",review,HPxji3cX5H460ECCgtnGHw,0,0,0
zp5k6funVelIOVuqdY0mDA,2010-05-04,4xjV9TmqjraJXjo4xWwZgQ,3,"Getting boring in here.  It's been at least 6 months since they open but they have the same old flavors. I know you guys been busy but what happen to the ""rotating flavors""???  Not sure if it's a seasonal thing or a cost factor but even the pomegranate toppings are gone (although they have pomegranate fro yo......not a fan of mine).  Competitions are moving in so change is not a bad thing.",review,8_ztfjt9_RsKS-cQ9KlqKg,0,0,0
I4bSn5gXsHuSPu7L-d_8nQ,2010-11-18,Za3DdMX65Bav0fU4-QrNGA,4,"4.5 Stars... I really enjoyed Beckett's table! It's a large, cool looking room with exposed ceiling and brick walls. They have a small patio and I heard they're planning to build a large patio on the side of the building. 

I met a couple friends there and we shared a few different items: 

The drink list has some great looking combos and a nice variety of wines. I tried the Palmaire, a lemonade/pomegranite combo. Very refreshing! 

We had the grilled cheese with pancetta to start... I love a good grilled cheese and these were perfect little bites. It came with roasted red pepper tomato soup. The soup tasted like pureed roasted red peppers; I would have preferred a little more balance with tomato taste. 

The roasted brussel sprouts were sumptuous; intense flavor and a little crisp on the outside. 

The fire roasted green chile pork stew was very tasty. The corn bread that came with had a perfect sweet contrast. I tried a bite of my friend's short rib - very tender and lean. 

We ended with the creme brulee, which came with fresh blackberries. At first I passed on having bites (I'm not a huge fan of creme brulee), but they pressured me into trying it... YUM! I may be a convert now. 

Overall, a great pick! Shout out to Katie B. for the suggestion.",review,oy6fdscGSXY2gzRqF9pZxg,3,4,2
lVHtVCyFJOqAH0ltn7pLuw,2010-04-06,5jZCcCmObJZgGkKYv_Gnow,4,"I love this place. What can I say? 

Richard Cho not only has some of the best customer service skills I have ever seen (that guy has an amazing memory for names) but some of the most creative approaches to making Sushi in the valley. I love coming to Sushi Eye, I have never had a bad experience in all the years I have been going to the 2x New times Best of Phoenix award winner.

The use of Macadamia nuts is brilliant and an amazing addition to many of the creative rolls that are available. The Spicy scallop roll is a go to for sure. They have (and I know this sounds stupid) the BEST California rolls in Arizona. As pedestrian as that roll is, The California roll is transformed in to a very dessert style treat when ordered at Sushi Eye. Seriously, do it.

Go check it out, introduce yourself to Richard and be amazed when he remembers your name. You will be amazed by the food as well.",review,5LBowfIh19Z25enwHJFWNg,0,0,0
yC3ydbHAJTZ22FZp4LynFg,2012-04-15,U2yO1jSzSa14O4iDWRoLbA,2,"I was so disappointed in this place. I just moved out here and was craving filipino food and found this place based on reviews. Although the reviews were average, I was hoping to catch this place on one of its good days. Nope, not the case. 

The place is not much to look at and the food did not look good. I was hesitant to eat here but was so hungry and saw that they had my fav dishes, sinigang and diniguan. They were both ok, I've def had better. I ordered the pancit for my husband and it was terrible! He had maybe two bites and threw the rest away. 

Oh well, won't be coming back here. There's another filipino place in Phoenix so we'll be trying that next. Gingeroot, also in Chandler, is way better but expensive. Guess it's worth the price when you have your cravings!",review,PhEh4712X4Vp0PsMROwvpw,0,0,0
kK4AzZ0YWI-U2G-paAL7Fg,2012-05-12,uxhFaWRZy-3brDajTMJlWw,5,"I can't remember the name of the special salad we had tonight with Shrimp, but I will never forget the taste.  FABULOUS is an understatement!  The NY pizza was equally as great.  Every time I come here I say to myself, we need to come more often.  Everything is always good.

Diane was our server tonight.  What a cutie!  More important is that the service was excellent!  Diane was back at our table many times checking to see if there was anything else she could do for us.  Another comment I want to make is there was a young man taking care of the table.  At some point I thanked him and was surprised to receive ""Your more than welcome"", instead of the typical ""No Problem"" statement coming from young people.  I should have gone to the management to tell them I was impressed by him, his smile and mannerisms.

We will be back!",review,PwUnB1okgVdWQDUehF7wDw,0,0,0
Kur7YGwuw6CqnqEypNrOvQ,2008-06-25,fDN0ZX8zSohHWilG3FvtRQ,4,"Small, but well stocked.  All of the Japanese basics are here.  It's nice to have a local Japanese grocer and not have to resort to an Asian-Mega-Mart.  There's not a lot of fresh produce, but great frozen and dry goods options.  I'll have to try the prepared food sometime.  They were sold out for the day by the time I went in the afternoon.",review,AXqt75N9cWVAxIRHsl6VAw,0,2,0
HNaOwzN2d78vma3BMls5TA,2013-01-02,U4fqCH8cDuHyqE1vzUpahQ,5,"Like they even need another review - they have a solid 5 stars as it is!

Just got back from my first visit to Adobe, and I am beyond impressed. My German Shepherd pup was having some stomach issues over the holidays, so I decided to have him checked out to be on the safe side. I knew he didn't have an obstruction or other emergency issue, but I was concerned about parasites.

The receptionist, Hilary, was super sweet on the phone and in person. She was upfront with what tests she thought would be ordered, and how much it would run me (and it wasn't an arm and a leg; the office call was only $56). I was very happy they'd be able to see me the next morning, but then she called back not 20 minutes later with a cancellation and said to come on in. Even better! 

The tech was very good with Nately's 40 pounds of squirming, and loved on him the whole time. I was also happy they let me help hold him - I've been to vets that called in a 2nd tech, like the owners aren't capable of safely holding their own dog. Okay, maybe some aren't, but I am, and I appreciate being able to and not being instructed like a child.

Dr. Newland was AWESOME.

The difference between him and some other vets I've been to?
- Other vets: ""Oh my God, we need to run $500 worth of expensive tests and start him on multiple medications"", general sense of admonishment for not rushing him to their affiliated ER clinic, eagerness to run the bill up, very few questions about anything, etc... 
-Dr. Newland:  Super calm and personable. He spent 20 minutes going over everything (Nately's last few days of activity and stomach issues, diet, contact with other dogs, where I take him in public, anything he could think of really), felt his abdomen thoroughly, and said ""Honestly, he's a puppy, they eat funny things, and something probably just irritated his stomach. He's plainly feeling pretty good, so just feed him a bland diet, give him this medication to settle his stomach, and bring a stool sample just in case, so you know for sure he's parasite-free"".  He also dispensed advice for Nately's general care, as long as we were there, about heartworm prevention and  necessary vaccines, etc. I even got a good education on the different types of parasites and which were even likely in AZ's climate (turns out, not many). I really appreciated that he didn't try to frighten me into expensive diagnostics and possible serious diseases, and that he is so on his game and scientific/logical about things.

I am very impressed and will be making Adobe my regular vet for as long as possible. If only they treated birds too!",review,ysINNe8YpbOW_-5T5CSyhw,1,1,1
7N8RPhvOJ4z8iSz9djLqFA,2012-10-02,wSUoZO98_MDfZ4GLigHgVw,4,Really fast and friendly service even during busier moments. The staff is also very helpful when asked to assist with using copiers and finding appropriate mailing supplies.,review,W9h1ufjEzDp7THyAqRw65g,0,1,0
CEqsBhtAX4j15gPEgK2wQA,2007-10-02,xvDrWYRi1I1Nmc3i_IHCAw,5,"T&S Glass did a wonderful job replacing my car window. They came right to the house within 2 hours of my call, had the window replaced within 30 minutes and treated me like a queen. Frank installed the glass and couldn't have been nicer. Thank you T & S Glass!!",review,gSDa8aavNsQqpWUIKWAt-A,0,0,0
mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw,2010-10-12,roJpvUbnZye_Z4r2oDZCcg,4,"This is my favorite Pho place in Arizona.  The menu is diverse, an the staff is friendly.  They will answer any and all questions.  I've heard them giving ""lessons"" on how to eat pho several times.  The food is great, and the keep the drinks filled.  I've never had a complaint, and I've been there numerous times.  You will not be disappointed.",review,DU0F18NBXFZ-hsPOmGhzQA,0,0,0
6HAwTnhNJoR5VNdfUrRoEw,2010-05-17,sVp4tt5_Ma07vj51u9EMVg,4,"A short review is in order here because after all we are talking about freakin donuts.  However, in AZ there are no good donut shops for the most part.  We had three donuts - glazed, chocolate long john, and a chocolate old fashioned/sour cream.  The last was a bit stale.  The first two were great.  We will go back.  Nice little place and it's open 24 hours.",review,f5CqKZlqK9Sox9z9wuooCQ,0,1,0
rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA,2011-12-25,k07cLknUvGe88G_QHH75cQ,5,"When I think Royal Palms, I think romantic getaway. A quaint yet exquisite resort, the Royal Palms was built in 1929 to emulate a colonial Spanish retreat. Colonial as in when the Spaniards were conquering the New World.  All of the historical details are presented on a frescoed wall in one of the courtyards.  

We had heard some great things about J Cook's and decided to spend a leisurely Sunday morning dining on the patio. If you're looking to be treated like royalty, you want to dine here

I enjoyed exploring the hotel after a luxe breakfast at J.Cooks.  The staff are incredibly accomodating.  What an ideal location for an intimate stay-cation!  It's a nice place to go to grab some drinks and appetizers, I will definitely be back to see what more the resort has to offer!",review,qZrArI2ohkYkQlELl13BKQ,2,1,1
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A,2008-12-29,3jm_Drc2mob44myooX2XrQ,5,"I was there just last night, and today received a ROTD for my original review. Too weird.

Updates - They mix a great margarita! No fluorescent green pre mixed Margarita mix - they make it themselves with fresh lime juice. Yum.

The wine list is small but good. My current fave is the Argentinian Malbec.  It's only $6 a glass, and they pour generously. Very tasty wine.

The seating is not comfy if you like to slouch. If you sit up straight, it's fine. But seriously.... good posture is over rated.

It gets a little cold in there once in a while during the winter. Wear long sleeves. :) After 3 glasses of the Malbec last night, I didn't care.

This place has really been growing on me... nice to have such a great neighborhood watering hole!",review,HZeFzs42f0iGaA-sP_hUnA,8,8,5
-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ,2010-09-08,5vQ0n5Ea7yVR625r25mmpA,5,Amazing Mexican food and the drinks are knock you on your ass good.  Have the guacamole and a madre then come and talk to me.,review,f3LA83yEEBMj9q92H28O7w,0,0,0
sDozh6iTylTJD26d7xcgGw,2011-09-26,83yTevrDRP6z9867qUO9kw,3,The Tavern on Mill is an average sports bar with cheap drinks and we come here to watch UFC fights because they don't charge a cover. We always leave when the fights end because there are better nightlife options in the area.,review,jopndPrv-H5KW2CfScnw9A,0,0,0
9CqxDNPWlkJW1ZCM8Gu_nA,2013-01-01,Faj4egYIGBp_58y6QC7Ljg,5,"I love this store.  The produce is always fresh, they have an interesting selection of frozen items including some great appetizers, the meat department is outstanding - I've tried a few different kabobs from here (spicy kabob rocks), bakery is great, nice selection of hard to find dairy items like fig yogurt, fair cheese selection including a local fresh burrata and mozzarella that will knock your socks off, excellent selection of wines and craft beer, and a floral department that has exquisite arrangements.

Aside from the above, they make great sandwiches, have a nice salad bar, have different take out dinners available every night, have a pasta night and will make you a fantastic iced tea or an iced latte that rivals any chain.  They also have an awesome grill - they will make you a kobe blue cheese burger that is out of this world.  The hot dogs are delicious but they are gigantic (and a little unsettling to look at).

One piece of advice before you go, not everything turns over quickly so check the dates.",review,3uR5YTXgW4hatuFnaNxSGg,0,0,0
kK4AzZ0YWI-U2G-paAL7Fg,2012-01-10,AN5i4cWa3hbhWeoxgp2EYA,4,"My girlfriend and I love Crust and frequent here often. They have amazing pizza, the Rustica is enough for two, and we usually split a salad. They have whole wheat crust, upon request, which is actually really good. There service is awesome and we always enjoy ourselves when we visit. They have a great wine selection by the glass and by the bottle. Our favorite is the red blend that is very unique, let it breathe though. They also have many flat screen tv's so you can keep up with what ever sporting event is on. The atmosphere is casual, but it can get noisy if the restaurant is full. The only time we've ever had poor food is when we do pick up. It's always been hit or miss then. We've never had a bad experience actually visiting the restaurant, which explains the 4 out of 5 stars.",review,GNCh2HzSVYsS12o76qtUiQ,0,0,0
hqVbmZNLTdR2y7G7oJu9vg,2011-08-11,Urk4JgrVfqV6-wNP6BLnQw,4,Just went back here and had another fabulous meal - everything was so delicious and clearly homemade with care. Wonderful!,review,lCVLT95VUnlZfboVoZJCZA,0,0,0
WyTiZGv0edFH-J6cDwTp9g,2009-11-03,PkiT_G5n38rdD1mgnrSN5A,5,"I'm not sure why it has taken me so long to actually go inside Go-Kat-Go, but I finally did and loved it!  This store is filled with all sorts of great retro Hawaiian treasures along with a plethora of other gems.  We've got locally designed clothing in one corner, awesome furniture in another, tons of handmade accessories in the middle and bunches of fun throughout!  It was really hard not to pick up everything in this store and buy it.  The owner was really nice and offered to hold our stuff while we shopped.  I ended up walking out of there with an awesome Dia de los Muertos pillow that looks amazing on my new couch plus a matching potholder/oven mitt set in a really cool pattern.  I will definitely be back, especially since my other mom's b-day is coming up and she loves this kind of stuff.",review,W_QXYA7A0IhMrvbckz7eVg,1,2,1
qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ,2011-05-21,JRc10P9o2OQi459vJMMgqg,5,"Went back to True Foods ( i have been doing this a lot since my first trip) with my mom for dinner last week. It was amazing as always however this time was different. I tried a new menu item, the Bison burger ( i highly reccomend this) it was so tastey and very light for a burger. OMG! I want to say that this time was different because we had THE BEST SERVICE EVER! Our server Marcus was amazing. He was very informative, helpful, polite and everything you would expect from a server and then some. LOVE THIS CAT. Just thought I would give credit where it is due. Too many times you read about the negatives on service and not so often the positives. I work in a restaurant and know it's important for employers to know who their ""stars"" are. MARCUS is your star. A bright, and shiney star. lol

Loves: Shitaki mushroom lettuce cups, Ahi sliders, Spaghetti Squash, Kale Salad, Raviolli, Green Tea, Coffe (black) and I always have to have the Banana chocolate Tart. Definitely .",review,B4-xzBRt3S5TjrjVZFPSfA,0,1,0
JRzrqJmsQ5AZ4bMQLUfyHg,2011-07-29,KJ-dCPX2eyD6iVWWrMBpaw,5,"I was really looking forward to eating here this morning when I got to the restaurant and found that everything was super clean and nice looking. I had been drinking all night and it was time for some breakfast. 

They had a great selection of hot tea. The people in my party got quite a few things and everything came in heaping portions. The French toast is the super thick kind and very fluffy. They also proved that they can really cook eggs well. They also brought lots of coffee and hot water for all of us.

I also go their chicken tortilla soup and it was AMAZING.

The service was super fantastic! I will definitely come here again. :)",review,-BVv1TDLLphHzgKw-eAJJQ,1,1,0
EcHuaHD9IcoPEWNsU8vDTw,2010-12-08,Ko6o7BA0EdlGBlFtJ5fbxg,4,"Having just returned from a whirlwind overseas business trip, Condor had to unwind. No place better than the Spa at Camelback Inn. It has been years since Condor visited and, as I expected, they did not recall that on my last visit I mistakenly thought the terrycloth robe and slippers were a gift.  The letters demanding their return stopped after 3 months.

Arriving in the lobby I was greeted by the soothing sound of Asian Zen music and the tranquil flow of fountain water. After a quick flashback to the three days in a jungle hut cell due to a jade sale gone bad, I headed to the luxurious locker, donned the fluffy terrycloth robe and settled poolside. 

My first disappointment of not having a drink in hand almost immediately was soothed when staff opened the bar 2 hours early. Talk about customer service at 7:30 in the morning. Having the secluded pool to myself, literally, I settled in to a literary vacation of the mind. It had been a long time since I read ""US Weekly"". 

Engrossed in the torrid life experiences of the hoi polli, I hardly noticed Companion had arrived and asked why I had already consumed six umbrella laden cocktails. ""The heat,"" I responded. ""It's 75 degrees,"" Companion stated with the accuracy of a former weekend weather girl in San Diego. 

Well, more cocktails ensued, including Companion's Mango Margarita, whose orange color I compared to the stunning, skin tight dress worn by an unknown actress named ""Roxie"" at a Red Carpet Event in the pages of ""US Weekly"". The color of the Mango Margarita complimented  the snow white of my robe after it was hurled in my direction. 

Another drink soothed Companion's ire and it was time for the highlight of the day: our individual Swedish Massages! Escorted by my Massage Therapist, the spitting image of Peta Wilson (Google it.) I was soon transported into a realm of relaxation and bliss. The bad news came when I was awaken from my trance by a knock on the door. It seems my snoring had disturbed the guests next door and my session was cut short. 

No matter, more poolside time with Companion awaited and more frothy cocktails. Unfortunately, upon return to my chaise lounge, I was greeted with a note. Apparently Companion and her Male Masseur hit it off and were enjoying cocktails at the Valley Ho Hotel down the street. I was definitely not invited. 

Well, upon reflection, the facility, service, therapist and massage were excellent. Although romance did not blossom, I did add another terrycloth robe to my closet, albeit with a Mango Margarita stain.",review,i8kR-Qnn3xd9EnpCWs9POQ,0,0,1
Y-ci4KjSUdwfc6ru4XnX8Q,2008-06-03,UlLg43QG5zJoKmq0t6PULQ,5,"Treated some clients to Sweet Pea Bakery items and they loved them!  I got the PB & J cookies , Mojito cookies and Rum macaroons.  Love that they are not the run of the mill flavors.

The shop is adorable, it's actually really big-- surprisingly big!  The employees are really nice and personable and that is always helpful and welcoming, especially when trying something/some place new. 

They even gave me a precious thank you card to put with the cookies.  


I will definitely be going back for more!",review,XBHJCDzNh--mBhJkzyM_iA,2,3,0
5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg,2011-09-27,x5875Um76wS3RbPQhOGKWg,5,"It's the best!  Downstairs, hanging at the bar, you can't beat it!  

The food is EXCELLENT!!!",review,GTkZ-E3Fpu4YNGLeA3JJjQ,0,0,0
gb-k4Z17XxuPkUmsevwBYg,2011-04-13,aAS0vWCwzve4hy9icj07kA,4,I had the fruits of the forest flavor and really enjoyed it.  Staff was very helpful.  Will definitely be coming back.,review,ylqeGfWJCw4JlFT_ik7JeQ,0,0,0
KGX7O-_WqOIy9o7u9NOa9A,2011-05-22,Hbf6e0RMS4pkwKT7OdRSqg,5,"Well, this place is as good as it gets. Family owned and awesome. You know how at some mexican places the beans and rice are an afterthought? Not here. They are the best I have ever had, yes even in mexico. The food is seasoned perfectly and the service is exceptional. Too bad they are closed Sundays. The queso is the best I have ever had. I could keep going but you get the picture. Go there, order and eat, you will not be disappointed.",review,s3-yNSQ-ViT22FF2pxZO5w,0,1,0
uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ,2009-08-10,3n3297JIVRxa5KsJWPU3gg,2,"Went for dinner on a Sat. night. I made reservations 1 week in advance and when my friend and I arrived to check in for our table, we were handed a pager and told we could go STAND in the bar area seeing as how there was no place to sit and have a cocktail. Not real sure why I bothered to make the reservation. About 40 min later we were taken to our table where there was NO ONE else seated at first for the Teppan cooking.Kind of a bummer. About another half and hour and more people were seated. It's only about 10 pm now and my friend is literally starving. The bar area is a joke. Maybe I just don't go to Scottsdale often enough but are these people serious?? There were maybe 4 guys under 25. The rest were in their mid to late 40's. The women were about the same age probably but wore outfits like they thought we wouldn't know how old they were if we just focused on the sparkly sequined shirt and puffy skirts. Or as my friend said, are these ladies re-living prom night or what?? Anyway, food OF COURSE is so over priced and where you think you might get 4 of an appetizer, you get 2. Nothing real special about this place. Once you look beyond the decor and focus on the ""scene"", service and food-Thanks, I will go to Hon Machi!!",review,dVJ_y1NGSA_g6rc-NDDWHQ,6,6,6
QMsUey4Xi1VfHkwbI8YxdQ,2008-06-16,Yy_pPnPhHBmOLHYh1WOaNw,2,I would rather go to Benihana to be honest. I have been here a few times because its so convenient but has never been worth it in the end. I have eaten here and had dinner to go it always takes forever and it is not cheap I expect cheaper if theres no atmosphere or really good food would make up for it. I have not gotten sick from the sushi here but lets just say I didnt feel so hot after eating here the last time. I looooove sushi and its hard to say that I wont be back here but I'd rather drive a bit farther and skip running the risk.,review,V0y4fqp-4pSRfsz0FmsjPA,4,6,2
BSGcS1EWEkGP2LS1nOZGPA,2011-02-20,aJISC6Qw6oI-qyXTa8GjGA,1,"One star is far more than they deserve.  The owner of the property spent an excessive amount of time barking out reminders of hotel policy, was rude to guests and his staff.  The stay here felt more like being in prison with the warden constantly in your face.  People in the group that stayed were locked out of the room by management, forced to pay made up fines.  The owner ruined the entire experience.  If this is how customers are treated, this place won't be around long.",review,PHFyJ0kMuaQn7DuoWtcURg,0,3,0
4waggbCK-MSE9dbIdSMfPA,2010-02-22,FSSNRWsDCnDxCbul3UmHaA,3,"Well the view is obvious.  I mean - it is decently high up and gives you a good view of downtown but, I don't know - the view from the Arizona Club is better.  

We went here after watching a show at the Herberger and I was expecting some high class expensive dining that that is exactly what I got.  The service matched the price tag which was nice to see but the restaurant itself was disappointing.  Not only did they not have Coke or dark rum but they let poor Ashley A order a prime rib and then told her they were all out.  

I had the drunken shrimp and they were pretty excellent.  The sauce around them was really good and they were resting on a piece of toast disguised as a crostini.  I also had a few bites of the lava cake but since it was buried under a pound of powered sugar, I couldn't eat any more.

I guess I just agree with Beth S's review...I'm just not seeing what justifies the price.  The District in the Sheraton next door is a restaurant in a hotel that has amazing food that is priced better than this.  Plus, the view there isn't half bad.",review,fev0iI-XDrteD4SYRKjiUw,2,3,0
_AvHni-xdRHmZ3XfYHwGkg,2011-06-17,sbEZZKMdenIYRP3a3jMhHg,2,"Definitely a place where the reputation precedes the actual experience.

It's like it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.

We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead.  Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses.  Which is fine, if you have some bread or amuse bouche between.  Which you don't at Posh.  So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26.  By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry.  We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.

What really disturbed me on the food, however, was the foie gras.  An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always worth it for great foie gras.  We were presented a plate with nice size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked like a nice brulee crust on one side.  It looked amazing.  And was, if I stopped at eye appeal.  Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.  I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold.  If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is like eating a square of lard.  It was impalitable.  Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what cold foie gras tastes like.  

I like the surprise aspect of the courses, and I like the fact you can tell them what you like and don't like to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's best to know exactly what you're getting in advance.  

It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of Posh fails.  The dining experience starts when you're wowed by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered.  When you have no expectations, it's hard to get excited.  By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat.  I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.

Perhaps if I hadn't been spoiled by Binkley's, that has an expansive menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 amuse bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more impressed with Posh.  But not by much...",review,N69-RgMXqRaZbIBbx2eH2w,0,5,0
9ggd0DySEZNw990JGaFSQQ,2011-10-27,v45RvAdVzQj2yARQMBpGkQ,4,"One of the better malls on the west side, what am I saying the only mall on the west side!!!

Good line up of the same old shops... spencers, petpad, sears, macys, kitchen store, but also the addition of dicks sporting goods and forever 21. 

They have a good food court, starbucks, movie theater and a chevy's!!!

This was also the site of the sniper hijack of an armored car  November 28, 1994 as seen on City Confindetial. Was a great episode, worth watching.  But its not an unsafe mall like some of the malls west of I17.",review,-Wa5j14Rhps3DC2SMaaatQ,0,0,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2009-04-29,M_tOh02hkaO4AwBtV6j0KA,3,"When you walk into Sky Harbor, you are bombarded with declarations that it's the country's ""friendliest airport"". Huh. What does this mean? User-friendly? Friendly in a ""you'll always feel at home here"" way? Didn't really know, but it seems extremely important to their PR group, since when you sign on for the wi-fi, you can't change pages until you rate how friendly the airport is from a drop down menu. 

It might be doing a disservice by proclaiming it as the superlative of congeniality. Expectations run high -- at least by me. I found the free wi-fi extremely friendly. Yeah!! Star for that. I found the den-like check in area (at least in Terminal 3), not so friendly as it left me feeling a little depressed. The TSA officer who confiscated my 4 oz (apparenly it's 3.4 oz in PHX) Neutrogena sun screen not so friendly...but not malicious, and I guess I wouldnt be so friendly if I were charged with monitoring tenths of ounces hour after hour. The spoke-security system I found to be not so friendly to both users and retail. I never like seeing a plethora of places to purchase items BEFORE security, leaving you with only a few outlets for you to browse in your little concourse. I hate wondering, what do gates 1-14 get to purchase? Is my concourse more vacant than the others? Just put security before ALL the retail and let us wander a bit. 

Overall, not a bad airport. at all. the friendliest? i don't know, but the free wi-fi certainly made me leave with a smile on my face!",review,WZgoM8UuzxjZf1AaWx3qZQ,3,5,3
f67EBuoqqgW4h1OcG_K7kA,2010-12-01,cu1LInwi1lcWkHNlG0ZFMQ,4,"It was early on a Saturday, was greeted warmly by the bartender, who was the only person serving the smallish bar area. We dat ourselves and were quickly met for our drink order, beers were 2 bucks for 26oz drafts (nice!) my partner ordered the pizza, it was hot and pretty fresh tasting, I had the waitress order me whatever she wanted! I like doing this from time to time to see their knowledge of the menu. Good food and a fun place to watch the game....",review,_Q8KWRMHyXzVB0YeRfA4KA,0,0,0
y4bkwSDssQTlFOYZS76K7A,2011-12-29,zwTx89vgWu8IAU2DGaFpVA,5,"This is the best buffet in Az. HUGE variety from veggie dishes, fish, shrimp, mussels, and even sushi. The quality of food is very good too. One thing I have learned is when looking for good Asian food, look inside! This place is always full of beautiful asian folks so you know its good. Just sayin'. For a buffett, they have a really nice staff. There is a shrimp dish with a sweet cream sauce that is amazing. It is more pricey than most asian buffets but well worth the extra few bucks. I eat here at least once every couple weeks.",review,cjU6TqN3bSiW8ShYSoF-0A,0,1,0
mHfIU6fIdk0Gujqx-XIKNQ,2012-02-21,2um6BaGhCGfQB_lIGCN3lA,1,"NOOOO!!! 
Don't think about it!!!!

Had my windshield replaced by these schmucks. The morons tore up the interior of my car, and damaged a speaker cover. 

I had to call them about replacing the cover thrice, they finally did, and then I found out that there was a HUGE air leak in the corner. They never fixed the interior trim.

They sent out the same first idiots to plug the leak, and they ended up breaking a ton of clips for a covering on my car, ruining the windshield wiper covers, and DOUSING my tweeter in water. I called immediately after they left and got harassed by a ""manager"" because he just had hip surgery (why is this my fault?!) and couldnt come until a week out!

Whatever incentives they offer are not worth the TERRIBLE craftsmanship and poor service. 
I am exploring my options with a lawyer, and have reported them to BBB.",review,m2LgIRJwLqTUFIjh94fqLg,1,1,0
KBKDl08flVw1AqvM5ucVpA,2011-04-12,MfOVQZBxefIqd4lDDjXvnA,4,"My partner and I went on a Living Social coupon, and we really enjoyed it. She had the Fish Tacos and I had the Chicken Tacos.  Both of us felt that the salsa on the table was too spicy. With so many reviews here and other places about the ""too hot"" salsa, you'd think they'd cut it back a bit. Anyway, that was the only thing we didn't like. The homemade chips were fantastic.

The service was on the ball and the food was fresh. As an aside,I don't know why they opened at Esplanade. Management there is supposed to be terrible and there are rumors that the theater will be closing. Houstons has already moved out, Pizza Picazzo closed. But Fuego Tacos is a great addition to the neighborhood. Let's hope that this merchant and others who remain at Esplanade can convince management to take care of the evil smells coming out of the septic and fix the elevators when they break every week. This restaurant deserves a community that will support and nourish it. Good job Fuego Tacos.",review,1-A_PLT-60EZ9MsfbkV9sw,0,1,0
Xsgl3LPU8U2coaAYkEnjcw,2010-10-12,M4emLdIvcCeTrg6_v3JlXQ,4,"Went to Cricket Pavilion to see Jack Johnson- 10/10/2010..Great show- fair venue. It was WAY COOL that on this show- staff came around and handed out green recycle bags for your cans and bottles! Only Jack!! More artiest should take note!! Had some drinks in the parking lot before the show- a few tailgaters were around us, pretty nice crowd overall with no hassles.
There is no way that they should have any shows there between June to August! Thank God the weather broke and it cooled down.. you get that many people together dancing around and it generates some heat!
Typical venue prices.. HIGH! $10 - $14 mixed drinks.. $8 - $14 beers..They had Pabst Blue Ribbon Tall Boys for $11!!! HA! you can score a case of PBR for $11!!
NUTSHELL- Great show, good weather, good crowd..Free parking is awesome!!
If I had to see a Rock'n Metal Fest in the middle of summer there- I Wouldn't!!",review,4xw2k2iAEGumGPYlvGlp5Q,1,1,1
QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw,2010-06-01,wcpepBjeZuz0cQKupbB_YA,5,"This place is great!!! They grow alot of the food they use and if they do not grow, they buy it local!!! The food tastes great...don't forget to get a milkshake. It is also a great place to sit and eat outside, nice!",review,47VCrr83Tvtkp1FvDa0ftQ,2,0,0
Lbue8gqRiBPEnA7g7H1qdw,2011-10-08,sp1eb64cSQSLmmJlvv3IkA,3,"Mixed reviews from my husband and I:

His comments: 
* Salad was good - we had the spinach & Gorgonzola salad. 
* Pizza was really good, but too expensive. Plus, it was the thinner type so you wouldn't expect to pay that much.
* Wait staff - not good. 
* Ambiance - pretty nice. Has a NY type of feeling.
* Too pricey to go back

My comments: 
* Salad had too much dressing. It was dripping with the balsamic stuff. I don't like soppy lettuce.
* Pizza was just ok. It was served to us fairly quickly considering that the place was packed. However, it was not hot. Plus, we had to wave our server down to ask her to heat it up. She didn't seem very happy with us and did not offer an apology for the cold pie. After all, this place is called Humble Pie. 
* Wait staff - Not good. Not very forthcoming with the menu and only seemed to be interested in getting the ordering over with.
* The staff should be humble enough to ask the customer if everything is ok after the food is served. That never happened. Even when she brought over the check we got nothing. 
* Ambiance - too loud and dark! Tables and chairs are packed tight in this place so plan to share your space with others not in your party. 
* Definitely not going back. 

We paid $34 plus tip for a small Cesar salad, pizza with three toppings, soft drink and glass of wine. Too much money for some Si's food.",review,T10fwLKcy_9goMznW8mA1A,0,0,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2012-10-27,PdTXWQpztSASlI6wT-cVIw,4,"Unlike other airports I've been in where your options for food are your massive conglomerate chain restaurants like McDonald's and Burger King, Sky Harbor has a nice array of more local, higher quality restaurants for you to choose from (e.g., La Grande Orange, Olive and Ivy, Barrio Cafe), as well as some healthier choices compared to eating a greasy burger and fries (e.g., Paradise Bakery).  There are a lot of good parking options, whether you choose the airport's own parking lot or private lots that provide shuttle service.  I also appreciate the free wi-fi, it definitely helps whittle the time away while you are waiting for your flight!",review,uZbTb-u-GVjTa2gtQfry5g,1,1,1
d3MxUXS1b6U2P_gGuCO1-A,2010-05-09,9jIhtPqtWjP7EOPxv_DQeQ,5,"I now have a sixth Sens for delicious Asian tapas- a genre I never knew existed. I always assumed the best tapas disappeared when Aaron May sauteed Sol Y Sombra's last batch of butter-marinated brussels sprouts! Well, I was proven wrong when I hit up the ultra-cool Sens Asian Tapas & Sake on a Thursday night. 

Guests are greeted by electric blue lights, neon pink lotus blossom light fixtures and fresh beats courtesy of a hipster DJ, which transport the hungry to an intoxicating, fluorescent experiens filled with sauces, sakes, and spicy flavors they probably don't even know about yet. 

I tried three top-notch items:

Wasabi Tofu- Hot, in every Sens of the word. Wasabi and 300-degree tempura crusties have the ability to burn you to your soul if you aren't careful. Don't skip it, just poke it with a chopstick or blow on it first. 

White Peach Juice and Vodka- Just like Japanese candy exchange students brought home in high school, it's one of those miraculous flavors most Americans will never have the opportunity to try. Light and sweet, but not overly so, it's a perfect blend you can sip all.night.long. (I did!)

The best, by far, is the Hot & Sour Soup. It's nothing like the kind you get for .99 at Chinese restaurants as an appetizer. A Bilbo Baggins-ey cauldron arrives with a wooden ladle- among the various veggies and disc-shaped noodles is your choice of meat- I chose clams. I've always heard you can truly tell how talented a chef is by how tasty his soup is, and would have to agree. There's nothing to hide behind, and you're confronted by pure flavor. It was complex, different and mouthwatering.

The whole Sens-ation was so genius, I even got past the embarrassment of Chef Johnny Chu snorting in my face for taking pics of my meal on my iPhone.",review,Xiprzd4TvJcZnVHGPdDh1A,1,0,0
uFJwKlHL6HyHSJmORO8-5w,2012-04-28,V8ciEDb_81xsGkbWkbv1Jg,4,"I love this arena...maybe I am biased since I am a diehard Suns fan and a downtown resident, but it really is a nice facility.  The Suns games are always well put together...great announcer, great dancers, great entertainment, and great concessions.

I attended the last game of the season in a suite Wednesday night and was impressed with the space and the food...actually quite good!",review,pEVf8GRshP9HUkSpizc9LA,0,0,0
rY25aXvPYLUZPWlS8BAhbQ,2011-07-15,3l6SiUHYsgAVRU02f_tmCw,5,"I have a serious Banana Republic problem. Rewind time to about three years ago when I bought my first dress from BR. I had just gotten my first full time ""real job"" after finishing college and I needed a wardrobe to match my new position. It is now three years later and I have probably close to twenty dresses from BR. The only issue I have is they leave me pretty darn broke, so when I heard BR had a factory store I was stoked! So last weekend I dragged my husband, sister and niece down to Anthem to check this place out.

It was crowded, but the prices of the items definitely make up for it. That is, when you find something worth buying. The selection of items is a little weird, and you have to fight with many other women to get into the racks with the good stuff. But I managed to find two 100% cotton dresses that are both casual and work appropriate at the same time. Priced originally at $80 with a markdown to $40 on the rack, they also had a 25% off sale on these particular items that day. So I scored two dresses originally totaled for $160 for $60. Sounds like a good deal to me. I wish they had more colors, except that would have been bad for my credit card cause I am sure I would have ended up buying them all. My husband also scored two pairs of jeans, two cotton shirts, and three pairs of boxers for under $100. 

I can see myself making the 50 minute drive down here at least four times a year to see what new stuff comes in. My dress collection is going to get larger this year, I can tell you that. Also, if you sign up online for the factory store you can get coupons for extra % off your total purchase. So your super discounted items just got even more discounted.",review,2nXFEyQ06RfcdAXIPbxuwA,0,1,0
jJhNOhuGpIsJX5SEUFFWYQ,2009-07-30,ycAsRoIHFGdnU98ii2Imew,2,"In Short: Long lines, complicated menu, and a fist full of dollars ........ for a hot dog?

I guess I never bought into the whole gourmet hot dog fad, and probably never will.  I've heard my coworkers talk about the dogs, and on more than one occasion seen astronomical lines at the counter, so I thought why not, it had to be good, right?

Talk about sticker shock, and only for a single dog?  Very overpriced indeed, on top of that, they managed to complicate a simple hot dog.  Various types of meats and topping options were a bit confusing, not because there were too many choices, but because non of them were really explained.  A little annoying for a first timer customer.  The dogs themselves are not bad, but I think you'd have to a complete idiot to mess up a hot dog.  I still don't get whats so amazing about it, definitely way too overpriced, won't go again.  They can keep their wieners and shove it!",review,n4PmRYAvx2c6X0-fb9mT9Q,2,2,1
Nq7eB1wB2EArUICtiNePvQ,2011-12-18,GzKoUw0vKFblpGe_mLsstg,3,"So I was meeting some friends here last night for drinks for a friend's birthday. We were supposed to meet at 9:30 but it was around 10:30 when we actually got to the bar. We walked in and had our IDs checked and then stood around awkwardly...I'm not sure why this happened, but after a few minutes we were asked if we needed a table. Yup...that's why we're here. So we were seated near the bar. The place is large and the decor is fine, but the music they were playing was mainly from the 90's and made the place seem less 'hip' I guess, not that I know much about being hip. We waited for about 5 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us. The waiter finally came by and took our drink order. I got the agave basil margarita ($8.50) which was soooo good! I was very happy with the drink. The Birthday Girl got a blueberry bliss... which wasn't what she was expecting. I tried it and thought it was good, but it was definitely more like wine than a mixed drink. The others got beers. 

So the real problem, for me at least, was my second drink. I got a tropical margarita ($7.00). It was one of the worst drinks I have ever had and was a challenge to drink. It was SO acidic and just nasty, I swear the two drinks could not have come from the same place...but they did. That's a huge red flag for me.

Side note: Why do restaurants think it's cool to not price their signature drinks....why should I have to ask how much it costs? I find this completely ridiculous and annoying. The drinks didn't end up being very expensive here, but I feel like I should have that information available to me on the menu just like any other item.... *ok steps off soapbox*

As far as food goes, one of my friends got a side of fries that were pretty good and came with bbq sauce, but other than that we did not eat. I have heard good things about their food from other people. 

After we were done with our second round of drinks (and the fries) we decided to move on to another bar.....but we couldn't because we had no check! Our waiter, who had been almost harassing us towards the beginning of our night, had completely disappeared. He finally came by like 10-15 minutes later and reeked of cigarettes....there is no way he only smoked one because I could almost taste it...pretty gross for a waiter. Anyway, our checks were brought fairly quickly after that and we were finally able to leave.  

Conclusion: Be very careful what you order....it is a total mixed bag.",review,3gIfcQq5KxAegwCPXc83cQ,1,2,1
sb4wU69LkCtC6Axqcd34WQ,2012-07-09,HYqd_cQVfpFR9C5Q3ovHOg,4,"I went to Blanco Tacos + Tequila in Scottsdale with my family for my birthday dinner. This is another one of Sam Fox's restaurants, and it serves up modern Mexican fare. Our party of five all got a ton of food that definitely required to-go boxes throughout the meal.

The atmosphere at Blanco totally didn't surprise me, considering it's a Fox eatery. There was the open kitchen, huge hanging lights, centrally located bar and airy feel. It was chic and dimly lit with candlelight, but there were televisions throughout broadcasting football games. It was a great mix of casual and fancy, making it the type of place where it's perfectly acceptable to go and just down a couple margaritas, or have a fun dinner date.

I started with the Blood Orange Margarita ($9), which you should get with salt even though it's a little sweet. It was a strong drink, and the sweetness wasn't overpowering.

For my meal, I started with the housemade guacamole to go with our tasty chips and spicy salsa, then had cheese enchiladas and finished with a Tres Leche cake. The guacamole was so amazing, other people at the table were also inspired to order it for their starter. I really liked the cheese enchiladas, but, as my mom pointed out, they're more modern in that they're not smothered and dripping with cheese. Instead, they're covered in an interesting creamy ancho sauce. I guess I prefer traditional cheese enchiladas, but there was still a ton of cheese inside the tortillas that made me happy.

The cake was really interesting. Someone compared it to a bread pudding, since it was really crumbly and wet because it was drenched in a milky sauce. I liked it, but it was too rich to finish.

Altogether, I thought the meal was an excellent deal. I would definitely go back for the lively ambiance and tasty take on Mexican food.",review,v2UqlUHA8d3lgTIby0CCFQ,0,3,0
iqLVYrsX25XUZqjRjvbYfg,2008-06-26,DKw4MVkL1qbDG_txZcbnxg,5,"I just had my first Tammie Coe cake last week for my birthday, and I will NEVER be the same again.  I don't normally eat cake, in fact, if it's not Brownies, I don't eat it.  But this cake drew me in with it's appealing fondant.  From there, I got lost in the spongy richness of the cake.  A cornicopia of flaverful goodness.

So make a metal note to yourself, I will only eat Brownies and Tamie Coe cakes.

Oh, and special thanks to Arts G (previous review) for telling me what the hell fondant is.  I was just calling it ""sheet like frosting"".",review,BkmIUgwHg_5TCkJbdMEiJQ,5,7,7
r-a-Cn9hxdEnYTtVTB5bMQ,2011-12-28,iIG59Vrlwwxip2pJPQ3kzA,4,"While I don't like to hype places up (because really, how GOOD can any one place be) ...How good can one burger joint be over another, or how good can pizza be over another pizza place (when weighing the ones that are all generally Good in the Public Opinion).  Now the word around town is that The Grind is Sofa_King Great.  I will say about The Grind that when you're up for a Burger, this place hits the spot.  I've been here once before August 2010 (don't remember what burger I had but recall it was good) and the other night I had the Peppercorn Burger and it was as good as it gets.  I was starving and really hadn't eaten all day and that helped add to how much this hit the spot, but make no mistake, it was really good and I do enjoy this place for the atmosphere, service, and quality of food.  My friends wife got one of those healthy wraps and she liked it a lot.  The sweet potato fries (we ordered the half sweet potato and half regular fries) and they were good.

As for some other areas to review: The atmosphere is nice.  It's casual and not too dark and not too light inside.  (That's how I like it).  There's multiple flat panel TV's above the bar, so plenty of games on at any given time (That's also how I like it).  The service is fine (although based on some other reviews people have been so so satisfied about the service.  That's often going to be the case with most casual establishments - so sometimes it's good, and sometimes not to our satisfaction).  Such is Life!  Anyway, back on track here, the Wait staff and Bar staff have been worth the 20% tip both times.  No complaints by me about this place, however I do see some 2 and 3 star ratings on here.  

Where I will dock 1 star and sort of agree with Kristi D.  She mentioned the large photo of Sheriff Joe Arpaio on the wall (while I sense that Kristi doesn't care for Sheriff Joe, I'm neutral about him), but I agree about all the oversized photos of notable names in town who have dined in The Grind.  I'd much rather see real artwork or real photographs on the wall - and not photos of Sheriff Joe, Mark Grace (for those who don't know, he's a former baseball player), and the Mayor of Paradise Valley, all holding their burgers.  Who the hell cares about any of them and their burgers.  I think I'd be more ok with having these photos above me, but they are HUGE enlargements and a bit overkill.  And they are for sale and the proceeds go to some cause.  Look, I'm all for causes and shit, but I wouldn't spend my money on a 36 inch enlargement of these local ""notables"" holding a burger.  The whole concept is pretty stupid.  But hey, I'm generally uptight and been doing photography 20+ years and probly am just hating on the fact that my photos are hanging on the wall.
 
Side Note:  For those who might have previously had ""Liked"" The Grind on Facebook but no longer have their page as a Like, it's because they apparently had their group page hacked, so they had to start over.  I found this out when I Liked it the other day noticed there were only about 165 Like's, and certainly I knew this place was way more popular than that.  When I commented that, they commented back about it being hacked and starting the page over.
http://www.facebook.com/thegrindarcadia",review,ws1Aus3O6ZcalHBQRraSHg,1,1,1
CQDxI8giIc6Kg9hQFLC6Uw,2010-12-09,FKMAkHkwyGvMUeBQ0y_8eQ,4,"Yum, Jersey Mike's! I freakin' love their wheat bread with the little specks of... I don't know what it is but it's very good. The mini sandwich looks tiny when you first see only the bread but after it's decked out and rolled up, it becomes a plentiful sized sandwich. I've tried different sandwiches here... turkey, club (both kinds), italian and cheesesteak and love them all. There's something about that oil and vinegar they top it off with in the end that seals the deal. Other places do that too, but Idk here it just tastes better.

Sometimes I ask for the chipotle mayo instead of the regular and it's quite yummy with a little added spice. 

Also, I like that they carry Pepsi products. I like it better than Coke. And they have Cherry Pepsi, too  :)",review,KSTOdz0lSFCkqBSRNwjERA,1,1,1
2MM8cFKHp8OaB13fp0ysGw,2010-10-13,_jROvzttf8pNbkeUKVmulQ,5,"This place is our go to mexican place. I love the hot sauce and you can't go wrong with the Fundido sauce on the burritos. I personally enjoy the Chicken Fajito Chimi with Fundido sauce. It could possibly be the worst thing there to eat (and I love it). For the healthier days, I like the Pollo Salad. The chicken is always great here.",review,amNYUamFs7V2pEakBLdfCQ,0,0,0
L8STRioAgDx-_FRFuuUU2Q,2011-04-19,6vxBacH0GJDnLZ-SZ8BA6Q,4,Nice clean place with good food.  Shrimp burrito - pretty tasty.,review,LBUMcs2dzqqrqi50eh8q4A,0,0,0
sbD4f8aOsXZ6PJYh1kN4Ag,2011-04-07,zsSy7iQN9O3xWmy2OG-aDw,4,"How can you not love Westgate??? They really do have it all for everyone!!! 

Plenty of places to get a bite to eat. A few places you can enjoy are Southwest Moes, Margarita, Johnny Rockets, Ocean Blue, Cold Stone, a new pizza place that slips my mind, and so much more. If you want BBQ, frozen yogurt, burgers, steak, or what ever else makes you say yum...they have it! 

If you have the itch to shop, they can satisfy your every need! I always pop in to Just Sports to see what they have for my favorite Valley team...Go Coyotes!!! 

Speaking of entertainment! They have it all... a huge AMC movie complex, first class Jobbing.com Arena (Phoenix Coyotes NHL hockey, concerts, and more), UPS right next door for Cards football, and conventions. Plenty of thirst quenching bars, and one certain days of the week, live music in the splash pad area in front of AMC. 

As if you need more...WG is clean, safe, easy to get to from any place in the Valley, and plenty of free parking! I am not the only one who loves this place. Every time my family gets visitors from New York come in, WG is always a must stop!",review,n1KWJCpVeoTrzcN9iATfKA,1,2,0
C42yP2SAQyit92zVyRAqMw,2012-01-21,5KRMWa6l7JNGO3MUI1jrGw,4,"Wonderful low priced food. Love the fries! Love the Buffalo Hot wings, Good spicy chicken sandwich, good chili cheese fries, Good variety of burgers.  Fast service. I fight the urge to stop in almost daily!",review,-9mljS0O9mwdOnGv-Oea3Q,0,0,0
6oRAC4uyJCsJl1X0WZpVSA,2013-01-03,FJhI-HZIMHhnd9jab4I7Pw,5,Awesome food. Highly recommend. Had gyros platter . Generous portions and excellent meat.  Check out their spices and other food stuff. Got couscous very cheap.,review,5j0hoUVgYJTyNshMXgJ4rg,0,0,0
TCqkBVN84Ek0oLmZGAX5xA,2008-07-06,yS9O5xW0WZbHx7kPi_8XYA,2,"Not impressed. Start with the service. Not professional. It seemed as though the wait staff was clueless as to the table numbers. We were given the wrong table's order twice. 

Second, the food was conceptually a mess. No clear theme or flavor profiles. The food was heavy, greasy and took forever to arrive. None of the dishes were memorable. 

Third, the wine selection seemed to be lacking. And, the sommelier didn't know where the wine was from she was serving. Not impressed.",review,54wr4oNkJsvaHM1U5n4iUA,4,4,3
jJlOPkv4Xl6vxNzr51fnYw,2012-09-16,JqM012q3yQfSIDJ2mMVTGQ,5,"One of our favorite restaurants in the Valley! We go here about once a month. Some of my favorite dishes are the whole fish, salt and pepper shrimp, Pho with everything in it, Spring rolls, Shrimp/Pork over rice noodles, and the Seafood over soft egg noodles. We also have the Vietnamese coffee as our dessert! YUM!",review,zG1tYaWP2bE9mAaLzbx9GA,0,0,0
EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw,2011-04-09,srg5A9x4Fd-_WxLp7RykKw,4,"I love Fez. I have been coming here for years. The food is always good and there is something for everyone on their menu. One negative: the service is mediocre. It can be quite hit or miss, and sometimes the servers are just plain slow. One suggestion: the menu could use an update. The dining options have been pretty much the same for years, and it would be fun to mix things up a little. One more thing, I have ordered take out for groups of about 20 before...the staff and chef were GREAT to work with and extremely accommodating. This is a nice asset on the Central corridor.",review,e9d9EQqOd2-NlX8WFx0aEg,0,0,0
-h-q6zTIdPlkz9BDP11sBg,2012-03-02,Gob1Rk3vPEx2vzGF8ZvoJQ,5,Love love love this place. It's a very healthy place to eat and always has awesome food and awesome service!,review,4gaG2PMS5erPnRmf7oEYNA,0,0,0
LaHyoyMfcyPJmdeHmGo9lw,2012-08-10,lEN_dM8UMgTwxbOd__A9JQ,5,"It's a nice newer gym with a good amount of amenities and a relatively friendly staff.  I see cleaners in the club every time I am there which I dont see a lot of at other gyms.  They have a stretch room, full wet area with steam and sauna, free aerobics classes,  a large number of equip,etc.

The evenings do get crowded even with all the equipment, so I try to get in and out before 5 or so.

All in all a nice spot to get a work out in the area.",review,j27DnYtLn9tzF8bbtXTpbQ,0,0,0
zwToyWL4dT1clsFPK9wI2w,2007-05-24,zzrCJkX_SWtF3JJbfPE_PQ,4,"Yum. Only wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could eat there more often.  Babbo (doesn't this mean Santa in Italian?) is a neighborhood Italian food joint that gives you big, tasty portions of food for little prices.

My friend and I always go here with her fam when she's in town, and I always look forward to it. The menu is filled with tons of pastas and all the regular Italian fare you'd expect to find, but they also have some great, unexpected desserts.

They have this apple calzone that is so freaking good, but the only downside is that it takes forever to cook.  Order it while you're still eating your dinner so you won't be sitting there for another 30 minutes waiting on it. They also have a huge half baked cookie dessert kinda like the amazing one at Oregano's. And while it's not as good, it comes pretty close. The desserts are ginormous, so sharing is best.",review,0CMz8YaO3f8xu4KqQgKb9Q,4,5,0
Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA,2009-11-11,qby0FMBrOXN7p4_vONeUBQ,4,"Loving this place since I was a kid. Stopped eating meat three years ago, so I miss the Jerk Fried Rice and Carnitas and Emerald Chicken, BUT the Veggie Quesadilla with black beans and white rice is amazing with their tasty red salsa.

Always amazing customer service and it's great that they let you taste everything before you commit. 

They should lighten their footprint and reduce food packaging. I always feel guilty when I leave with all that aluminum and styrofoam.

BTW, don't be swayed by offers of other cookies; snickerdoodles are where it's at.",review,PNAkqna65eJq8Od5dl1iDA,2,3,1
04Jrd2zSzwHwmBqdKQDmIw,2010-01-30,cKEcHLtlXtwlateMONS7bA,5,"Finally a teriyaki bowl place that does it right.  Nothing against Samuri Sam's, but Yogis is a bit better in my opinion.  Yogis'  menu is strait forward and clearly lists the options available.  The place is clean and the staff is fast and friendly.  The food is also very reasonably priced.  I was very impressed with their different bowl/plate/salad options.  You are able to order some teriyaki veggies, chicken and/or beef pretty much however you want it.  Extra meat, over lettuce, over veggies, brown rice, white rice, etc.  

Anyway, when I visit a place like this my desires are simple.  I want a decent portion of not-overly-sauced white meat chicken over a bunch of veggies.  That's it.  Yogis delivers this and then some.",review,rLtl8ZkDX5vH5nAx9C3q5Q,1,2,0
Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw,2012-08-14,mFG3Fkr8Pj5GrYMKnrqjwg,4,"This mall is HUGE for a mall this big I think they should have more directories but nope they want me to get lost in this mall.

This mall has plenty of stores and a bunch of designers, you can probably find something for everywhere here whether you want a coach bag or a bag at forever 21. I especially loved how the Sur La Table here had a cooking class going on and you can see the kitchen as you walked around the store. There were plenty of food options and so many stores here that it was easy to get lost. There was a windows store here which is a big plus since I have never been there. Even though I personally didn't find anything here for me there was still a big wide variety.",review,MPNFtwa6OGZcMJoB6b90iQ,0,1,0
qw93CjlAZ6a4ff11Z-hF3Q,2011-10-06,rg24-P5nW0c1_w61jO2pUw,5,Fantastic venue! The bartenders are nice- the drinks are excellent. The lounge is an amazing place to hang out (best downtown spot?!) even if you aren't going to the show! Cool free shows in the lounge! Now let's talk about the main reason you would go there- THE MUSIC! And the venue itself is awesome! The sound is great! The ROOM IS GREAT! It was designed by someone who knew what concert goers want- an intimate experience with fantastic sound. And so if you have the curse of ALWAYS standing behind the TALLEST DUDES EVER at shows- you can now take advantage of the bleacher seating in the back of the room or benches on the side. THERE IS NOT A BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE! What is left to say ? GET THERE!,review,WGlkpw7vxWMG0zZ2t5LKrg,0,1,0
IYYaa562PybzXf8tQnT17w,2009-03-02,E7Zuy5x72Dwpnd_ariNfTA,5,"I have been to every ballpark in the Cactus League and know my way around them all.  This is, by far, the best facility in all of Spring Training (that includes the Florida parks).  Granted, I am a Dodger fan and we get it better than the 'Sox fans do, but it is still amazing.

Camelback Ranch is the brand new, state of the art, spring training facility for the Dodgers and White Sox.  The Sox moved from Tucson because Tucson is the literally SO bad that even people from CHICAGO won't stay there.  The park is located just south of the Glendale Airport and pretty much only has one way in or out - 111th Ave.  You can avoid Camelback Rd by taking Indian School to 111th and then just drive into the stadium.

The grounds feature 13 practice fields and a giant lake and river that also help irrigate the fields.  While the White Sox practice fields and clubhouse entry are blocked off from the public, the Dodgers' are wide open and inviting.  Players must walk through the crowds during practices which invited lots of interaction with the fans.  

The field is beautiful and the layout of the stadium is quite impressive.  Not only do they have a full Jumbotron but they also feature fully enclosed suites and a full buffet for those willing to shell out $90 per game.  That price gets you seats behind home, access to unlimited food, wine, beer, soda, and sweets.  It also gets you exclusive merchandise as well as cold towels to help you cool off.  It sounds like a lot but it turns out to be worth the money.

The grass seats have a great slope to them (much like Scottsdale) and the seat aisles are wide.  The food selection is lacking without Dodger Dogs, however.  The stadium is also missing the independent food vendors that Maryvale and Peoria feature.  

A great stadium and surely one to visit every March.",review,fev0iI-XDrteD4SYRKjiUw,3,4,2
Gq092IH6eZqhAXwtXcwc6A,2011-12-05,-v5D8EoibX7dDwPjYIPdaw,5,"I was introduced to SanTan Brewery two years ago on a very cold, winter evening. My cousin knew I would instantly fall in love with this place, simply because I just love fine craft beer.

He was surely right because I visit SanTan three times a week because I simply cannot get enough of their beer selection. It's like an adventure every time I go. The staff is fantastic not because they're very nice and friendly, but they have the same passion and enthusiasm for fine craft as I do, so relating to them in that respect makes the experience fantastic.

I normally do not engage in writing reviews on websites like this, simply because I personally tell the management team my best regards but I will for this because people really do need to experience the joys this brewery has to offer. 

SanTan is the new level of drinking and dining experience. It's relaxed, fun mature environment and you can start a conversation with anyone there. Enough reading this review, go try it out yourself.",review,gxNiBlc3_BGn3llzkGbYsg,0,0,0
Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw,2009-11-10,_5RZrSP0AxWGxdQoeYqhZw,5,"Scottsdale Fashion Square is the king of shopping centers in Arizona. It's unrivaled and it maintains it's crown through constant improvements, expansions, and new stores. Empty stores are rare. Try that on for size, PV mall. 


The food court is decent, but a wide variety of restaurants surround the mall, providing the shopper with an endless amount of stores, and a great selection of places to eat. Scottsdale Fashion Square aims to please the most critical, and goes above and beyond all expectations.",review,0KXxuKxlspsO6CrDLgQJ-w,1,0,0
fK7ujDbjhRFEe2D7eIwK4w,2012-07-12,ts2MBMNYFvzvTDlhDpa5mg,4,"I recommend Kona for their American menu but skip the sushi! I ordered a Vegas roll a long time ago and it was horrible! I vowed to never come back until my friend Danielle told me that they have other items on the menu like salads, sandwiches, pasta, and burgers. I caved in and agreed to meet her for lunch at Kona. We shared some cheese and bacon fries. I ordered chicken pesto pasta and she ordered a club sandwich. A friend met up with us while we were having lunch and they gave him a huge slice of red velvet cake for his birthday! Friendly service and great food. What more can you ask for? I am now a huge fan of Kona and I can't wait to come back!",review,jopndPrv-H5KW2CfScnw9A,1,2,1
d3MxUXS1b6U2P_gGuCO1-A,2009-04-27,J2d6URUq9zrZnC2KUATb6w,4,"ok so i just read a few other reviews and i must comment on them first.

The reason the portions are small people is because they are all appetizers.
if you want heaping mounds of onion rings, go to Fridays.

the atmosphere is amazing. it isn't trying to hard to be cool you just don't know what cool is. 
it's okay. we all get old eventually.
i actually asked a little about the lotus lamp shades. 
they said owner had them made in china and they are absolutely stunning.

onto the food. DELICIOUS!!
i've been there twice now and my favorites are
curry chicken wings
wasabi chicken
and the bacon wrapped mushrooms.
if you're still hungry, ask for a side of rice and pour the remnants 
of your curry sauce all over it and lick the bowl clean. 
finger lickin good.",review,gXQ3peDz-H8mFZO_U4ys3w,2,2,2
jtzhY-P4H6WSYpv5rWhxtw,2011-08-11,mHGsVVYQEh2s-qmQ-1y9Zg,3,"Ok, I usually write longer more intricate reviews about a restaurant but for this new establishment I will summerize.

1.  Great decor and ambience; would be better minus the flat screens
2.  Friendly service; but needs more training with food and knowledge of 
3.  Timing of Kitchen; if a table has two or more persons, food should come out at the same time or around the same time.  Especially when they are not sharing.
4.  Food; if you specialize in spring rolls, please make sure they are rolled up proficiently.  It needs to be tight, not loose:) Flavors are good, but there could be a variation of sauce for the spring rolls.  4 rotating flavors for over 20 rolls is not a good ratio.
5.  Pricing is not bad for some items, but I do agree with other reviews that for most items, the pricing is a little high for the neighborhood biz and the quality of food offered.

Overall, nice place to hang with friends for a drink and nibble before the actual dinner somewhere else.
I will give it a few more months for an update.  This place has potential, but not well executed. When opening a restaurant, you should be ready and able to.  If you are not, you should wait til the staff is well trained.   I believe the owner or chef is inexperience.  Hopefully, it will improve...
Get to work guys!!",review,xs_fnNe0hofd7ZOupCjesQ,0,2,0
MLzh2-7zSnPdFmNcuSaaJQ,2012-12-30,qCmWLHprjYvxS0L6SIakiw,1,"Last night on my way home from work I figured I would pick up some dinner for me and my wife who is taking care of our newborn all day and has little time to cook for us. I ordered chicken limone the menu says serves two to three and we don't eat a lot so I figured it would fill us up. The price was 18.99 but I figured in a family style Italian place and we should have plenty of food. 

I was handed my bag and I was sure it was the wrong order because it was so light so I checked it in the car and was shocked. 

I see three small pieces of chicken in a big container with a small piece of bread and that's it! 

So I figured they just forgot the pasta and went back in and asked the hostess and she said yes it comes with it then said no after thinking about it. 

So how can they justify that price? It was so small there was no way it would feed 2 people so I had to cook pasta at home and then reheat our chicken in the microwave.

I worked in the service industry for years and this place is a joke! 

FYI just because there's people with money who live near your restaurant doesn't mean you can tailor your food prices to their income level without delivering value.........if you sell crap in the worst neighborhood that same crap should be priced the same in a affluent neighborhood....same crap different place.

No value means lost customers ....",review,90-uDWiQKa5B8Xa2hiRu8w,0,0,0
cBpJIOrVXotDI0XAZH_k0g,2012-01-08,1-SV-H0EfLJu6M-QqaWO3Q,4,"The more times I visit my son, the more sports bars I get introduced to in the phoenix area. If nothing else, I know my son doesn't go to dive sports bar. This is another upscale sports bar he introduced to mom and dad. We went to lunch on A Saturday 01-07/12 around 1pm.

The restaurant was not crowded, a light crowd on a sunny beautiful 70 degree? Phoenix day. My son was meeting some people in the area, so my wife and I had a light lunch and he met us afterwards. 

What we had

Lunch size Ahi Crunch and french onion soup with salad and Iced Green Tea.  That was it for my wife and I. Total plus tax $23.70.  We weren't very Hungry this day.

As others have said, if you want beer, lots of variety and want to come back every day for for two years and never repeat your beer order, this is the place to visit. 

If you want to have a party for the football season, or any type of sporting event, have it here, they offer a good variety of party platters, and it's not your regular wings and potatoe skins and fried veggies and cheese thingys.  Party platters offered:

Moo shu egg rolls,    Seared Rare Ahi Sashimi, Thai Chicken Noodle, Penne with Chicken and Peach apple cobbler just to name a few items. 

A place like this, I could get use to going whether or not there's a sporting event going on.  

I read there is at least one in Denver Colorado area if not two. I will definitely check it out.

Our server was very friendly and it was very relaxing to sit out on the patio for lunch.  We will definitely come back to the yard house, whether it's here or in Denver to see further what Yard House has to offer",review,fidu_4aHqkL_QHC1guZAWw,0,0,0
uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ,2009-10-04,cdT73TqjYqLRQ-my8GoQoA,4,"I have been craving some soul food for quite some time, so I kicked and screamed til someone finally took me to Lolo's. After memorizing the menu for weeks, I knew I wanted the Baby Ray. So we go in and I was overjoyed that they had a band playing some sweet grooves. I jammed out a lil while waiting for about 10 minutes. We were seated in a nice lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and sweet tea delivered to us. Yum! I starting getting the biggest sugar rush halfway through the wait. When my food did arrive, I was presented with two waffles bigger than my face, 3 big pieces of chicken smothered in enough gravy and onions to fill a whole gravy boat. The chicken was spectacular, really good flavor and crisp(when not soaked in gravy, get it on the side?). Gravy was pretty good as well.  The waffles were alright, I can't say I am the biggest waffle fan, but the subtle cinnamon flavor was nice. I think the waffles could have been better in my opinion. I am kicking myself for not trying the grits and collared greens or the red velvet cake. I could not finish my second waffle though, so much food, couldn't even think. The service was probably a B-. The hostess was bubbly and sweet. Our server was busy and a little frazzled maybe. The server gave us the wrong change and seemed to not believe that she had. Waiting for the correction was longer than average for sure. Overall, though, I had a good time, perfect way to end my weekend.",review,TWf1hVrosPKBgFHkoujoXQ,3,3,3
NX5YHSIyesufcsI7Rg5NLg,2009-11-15,9WrEujX_777GPWrSSrtUtw,2,"Ugh.
I used to like this place.
But I've gotten over it.

I find the food to be uninspired, and below average.

Blah.",review,PShy2RYNadDUhJf4ErOJ7w,0,0,0
-UT6IHfVW_2yzz1bf8WI5g,2012-08-12,-AqxCcpE1s-rSq5jVHMyCg,1,"Music was loud as shit.  The food, Jesus Christ the food.  Lame ass chips and salsa.  No joke, like 8 chips were on the plate.  Salsa was probably one of the worst I've had, no flavor at all and warm.   Salads come out warm (I'm assuming this is why I've been puking).  Gross right, warm lettuce.  Waiter let's us know they can make daughter a little quesadilla (cheese only) which comes out so greasy.  Our taco plates come out 10 minutes later.  2 dinky tacos on each plate that are flavorless and luke warm at best.  Yes, they are spicey, no that does not mean they are flavorful.  I'm literally using my cell phone to see what was on the plate it's so dark.  Mint water was warm.  Gross and not refreshing whatsoever.  My daughter's quesadilla was $13, yes for 2 tortillas smaller than my hand and some 'cheese'.  I get it- make a dollar, but damn, don't rip your customers off.  So over the top lame.  Neither my husband nor myself finished.   Meal was $46.  Horrible.  Health department should go temp that place- I'm not sure the refrigeration is working properly.  Such a disappointment, I've been a vegetarian for 18 years- was looking forward to a new spot.  Won't be returning.  Ever.",review,-GhiIOHXIxlQuy8BjSTSRg,3,4,1
mqQwChPNN4o4DhAzaGntIA,2011-06-06,HKPXVx8BwFeycuvSnp6j6g,5,"I have memories that make my mouth water.  My mother calls me everytime she passes through Phoenix to ask me where this place is.  She tells her friends in Los Angeles to come here if they have business or family trips to Phoenix.  They all rave after their experience.  

The fry bread house is as authentic as it gets.  Indian tacos, fry bread with sugar, and oh my god--the red chili stew.  I think I just drooled a little on my keyboard.  

The place does get a little cramped during meal times, but we used to take ours to go and sit in the park after a bike ride down Central and picnic away and then do our best to ride it off afterwards so we weren't wallowing in the guilt of our deep fried pleasures.  

Make sure they are open before you make the trek, they have funky hours.",review,2FaFQuAfr0W1h7iLbg5crQ,1,3,2
pNJhovUsGAZ4XqG3lCU-5g,2011-07-11,YGfzcVl71Rb8xel8OyRzMg,3,The new leaner breakfast sandwiches are good (they basically take the bottom and top of the bagel and you are left with smaller ends of your sandwich). An easy way to cut calories without losing the taste.,review,k6ZQA3DJ2EfZJMmadBlWNw,0,0,0
xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g,2012-01-19,h4eLSiy2dQ1kOZxNF1AUNw,5,"Culinary Dropout is a fantastic place to eat! The interior is very rocker complete with  stage for bands, interesting and yummy food, with an array of beers  and amazing food! If you decide to go (which I don't know why you wouldn't ) try their monkey bread for dessert, it is to die for!",review,axQzSBO4qfLm4ROVEG8dhg,1,1,1
U4IipLI4RsuBLmxTFEV2MQ,2008-12-08,FoY4kiyOCHU_d0PcYo6Yng,4,"Thanks to Yelp I was able to read they charge extra for the gas before freaking out on the people at the fron on my way out. 

The staff was extreemly helpful and even told me there was one open spot close to the front. They were there ready to pick me up before I had my trunk open. The ride was smooth and direct. 

As long as the car is there when I return this place rocks!",review,C6IOtaaYdLIT5fWd7ZYIuA,0,3,0
5Igwt99qrbgFQTR7jFC6WA,2011-06-22,Gh9cKACZj1VnlQGgUWK-jw,4,"Headed downtown to the soon-to-be-new-office with the boss today and had lunch here - he's lived in Phx for decades and recommended this place (although he hadn't been there in many years). I got a Super Sicilian. Absolutely delicious - the sesame bread looked like it would be hard/crunchy but it was soft and tasty. If I had to offer up any criticisms it would be 1) the fact that it inexplicably took something like 10 mins to make our sandwich - it just looked like it had been toasted, nothing else I could think of should have made it take that long, and 2) the sandwich was too small *8-) My mistake, of course. I got a whole, and could easily have downed two of those. Taste wise it's equivalent IMO to the ""all-American grinder"" at Uncle Sam's, except with the latter you can also get jalapenos. Will definitely return here once our office shifts downtown, but next time I'll get a sub and a half, methinks!

PS: Parking? The boss just parked his Ram 2500HD and toy trailer around the corner on the street in front of someone's house. No problem and no parking meters. (shrug)",review,6G8vLJUi1Ees2qC3RGA3Nw,0,1,0
ExpTNnro-X-NZrsOlDEzRA,2012-12-05,yDZscGH1Axf2JXKYE19eOA,5,"As a massage therapist I normally would rather have a massage than get adjusted, that was before Dr. Hunt came to town.  I trust him implicitly, and the techniques he uses are amazing. I take my four year old to see him too, who always greets Dr. Hunt and Larissa with great big hugs. Highly recommend this office, truly feels like family",review,81YC2XbpXQh39ROlP_pfoA,0,0,0
asebFFgabg_lfoNpGJHZlQ,2009-11-19,NqSHKPKqYmh1l2-YPm-KUg,3,"I am not in love with this place nor do I despise it.

I am Mr. Middle-of-the Road with Stacy's.

Somethings he does very well, others are just so-so.

Here are the Do's and Don'ts-

DO-Order a sweet potato pie to go. That happens to rock the house!
Have the pulled pork sandwich. Solid sandwich.

DONT--Do not and I mean DO NOT order the chicken BBQ sandwich. I ordered this a couple months ago and I could have used the shredded chicken as toothpicks. They were hard and came served in a weird cone-like shape on the bun. Also, skip the sweet potato fries. They are dry and taste like dirt. Yep, I said it. Sorry Stacy. Back to the drawing board on those.

The sauce is everything at a BBQ joint and his is just OK. Actually, I have had better in a store-bought bottle from AJs.

If you are in the area, go for it. If you live out in Glendale, it's probably not worth the drive. I am not sure what Bon Appetite was thinking when they gave this one of the top 10 new BBQ joints of 2009.

The lady who works behind the counter is funny as hell and is a total sweetheart! 

BTW--CASH MONEY only!",review,fH9OSIlijo9Obp8ZDq8rBg,3,4,1
2e1jzfiHFGCRpV66gYNVbA,2011-06-11,TUzJ3mTheT04sm-6AYr1Vw,4,"What a fantastic experience!  

If there is a high-end food product that you don't find at whole foods, then you may find yourself to be one of the pickiest eaters known to man.  This place offers everything under the sun.  For the love of God they have almost 30 different types of olives!

My family is new to shopping here and we like to splurge a little bit.  For some reason it's comforting to know that there are 4 different kinds of ribeye and what seems to be almost 100 different types of cheeses.  I guess realizing that makes me think that there won't be anything forgotten at Whole Foods.  Unlike Sam's Club, Whole Foods gives samples that actually taste delicious and almost make you grab for seconds when instead you just grab an actual wrapped portion of the product (darn, had to buy some sometime).

On a 'grocery store' level, this Whole Foods gets 5 stars that's for sure.  The only reason it gets knocked a star is because some Whole Foods locations offer more services to make their guests feel like it is supposed to be much more than your typical grocery store.  This is a location where I think the patrons would be willing to use everything that they had to offer if given the choice.",review,qF-WFG131JRv9Np-_H4vVA,0,0,0
jGldmslgIegQNM5kvb851Q,2008-07-08,WDG_J8hJtghBbxn7aZwYHw,5,"OK guys (and gals too), I know size isn't everything, but OMG, this place has crazy size portions and I loooove it!  We ordered the calamari and the stuffed mushrooms (1/2 orders) and STILL, the servings were huge.  Six big stuffed mushrooms sitting on what seemed to me to be the biggest plate I have ever seen serving an appetizer.  They were great and tasty, but cooled down too quickly and who can do anything about that?  The calamari was decent, could have been spiced up a bit or served with something more than marinara sauce, but for those who don't like a lot of fan fare with their food, this would be perfect; classic calamari with classic sauce.  We loved the Stella Artois draft beer and martinis came out big and filled to the brim, just how I like them.  For our entrees we ordered the Baked Ziti and Sausage and the Rigatoni ""D"".  Both of them were absolutely fantastic...yumm.  And both were HUGE.  The baked ziti stayed warm right up until we packed the rest to take home because they actually bake it right in the ceramic type dish that they serve it in, very smart.  For those with little ones, the kids menu is awesome and probably the healthiest meal a kid is going to get anywhere.  Nothing at this place is pre packaged or pre made and that goes for the kids meals as well.  Their chicken fingers are home made (the pickiest of adults would eat these things!), no french fries; home made mashed potatoes and broccoli florets.  This is the KIDS menu!  Our waiter needed to be coaxed out of his shell, but he was still warm in that great way that the good ones know how to do without intruding.  Great leather booths, linen napkins, white table cloths with a white and red checkered one thrown on top for added warmth, elegant, but not stuffy.  Guys could go in with t-shirts and dress shorts and fit right in and for the ladies who like to dress up, you can as well with out feeling overly so.

I am definitely going here again, what a find!",review,iNplaNMe_XisdyWcaT2Rvg,2,5,1
46xWJ6rKZxnrSLWro6EOlA,2011-01-26,gjEIRPGXVZ-kr3rD-CcYdg,5,DELICIOUS sandwich prepared fast and just the way I wanted it!  I'll be back for sure!  Welcome to the neighborhood.,review,WaKJgfx1RhwkGgN5utOh6Q,0,0,0
wifoRjVr__Fj56jfe1_RSw,2012-04-04,ChglZOWO4vFf2iObse15kw,5,"I always buy my tires at Walmart, but they didn't have a tire to fit my car. They directed me to Discount Tire and told me that they actually have better pricing. I went to this location and had the best experience. They were very helpful, saved me money, and I was in and out in under 25 mins. I will be back again and again!!!!",review,nrs9jqza1TYWxwmXmTqzqA,0,0,0
K04Sot5bwUk-BkOotkurmA,2012-03-29,Y89MOuSZUHjW2ET-aTvYdg,5,"This is the best library in the Valley and one of my favorite places to study.  The interior design, water fall, glass elevators and many other features make this the perfect metropolitan library for our downtown. 

The top level is pretty quiet and has beautiful views of the city.  Quick Tip: It seems that the southern part of the building is hotter because of the sun so I always sit on the north part of the building.",review,wFweIWhv2fREZV_dYkz_1g,7,4,2
0De3TQ_uSOXwgduKL0va3w,2012-03-04,17fGlVqXUtVapw5kBOqLWQ,1,"I've never had a hard time at a sonic before, except for this location. They barely speak English, they don't know their own menu, and they messed up my order 2 times. Come on, your job can not be that confusing...",review,zxcrlC3cmH5S2TGIxuLwBw,0,0,1
RtwOc-n_RkiUuDGaNfCsNw,2011-11-13,jKu-P8q6NBp6JeqIK9F93A,1,Made me and my bro sick. Tasted good at first but something wasn't right.,review,lENedG1nXtEbrhuqBIPC9g,0,0,0
TWsI4hcD-h1KcL3YdNm7vw,2012-10-07,4DL70hx3V07VVyPjplassA,2,"best luck to wait in line for a guy behind the desk.  The other two sales associates were too busy posing as customers in an empty store to acknowledge the one customer, me, that was there.  This is a real change from some other verizon stores where somebody greets you, gives you a number, and the associates talk to customers and want you to buy their products.  Weird vibe in this store.",review,4hrVQL0nc9JHfzW1OZV48w,0,0,0
s3rFXOBK9SSeSI52PYfuKg,2011-04-03,B-UApvmjpGK_tHd5MDe_Ew,1,"My wife and I were looking for a particular type of rose for our garden. We called this location and asked if they had it in stock and what the price was. They said they did and quoted us a price of $24.99 for a gallon sized plant. Good to go. We drive there and find the rose bush but it is listed as $44.99. So we go to the front and say that  we had called and driven 30 minutes to get this rose and we were told ""Oops...sometimes the  prices on my list up front right"". No sh!t Sherlock. So...will you honor the price quoted? NO. 

So we drove down the street to A And P Nursery on Baseline west of Lindsay and got the same size plant that they were selling for $44.99 for $16.99. 

Don't waste your time with these rip-off artists.",review,CQVPwymzvS01Re6O4DATGQ,0,0,0
yGmdo1ENajB98iryHGoWFw,2007-12-18,oHeMiiBZUBRVe8K3zJjsFA,4,"(aka. SKETCHY TEMPE with BONNIE G, Part One of Three)

I was in Tempe. I was having coffee. I was sedate. I wanted to see if anyone wanted join me and discuss Kafka or something boring. And so I called up the town's most famous resident to see what was goin' down.

""Um, YOU need to see sketchy Tempe. It is time. And I will be the one who will show it to you. Meet me at Time Out Lounge. No, wait. Meet me at Monkey Pants. Yes, Monkey Pants!""

And so I did. 

Monkey Pants! Sorry folks, but this name is nonsensically awesome. I walked in and sat myself at the round bar, joining a smattering of other patrons sitting there by themselves, each staring into nowhere in particular. Well drinks for $2.50, served in a standard kitchen glass. Nice! I proceeded to watch the football game and was soon joined by my Tempe tour guide.

We were approached by the bartender to do discounted Patron shots....but only if we wore sombreros. There was barely anyone here on a Sunday night, and I'm of the kind who doesn't care anyway, and the thought of me and Bonnie G sitting at a desolate stripmall bar with sombreros on is kind of ridiculous and great at the same time, but shots were not on my agenda for the night. Alas.

I then got a royal tour of the place, including the great leg lamp (actually it's two legs, not just one!), shuffleboard, pool tables, couches with a cozy fire being played on endless loop on a big screen TV, ample board games and another section with tables and chairs, which is where we sat, under the painting of the teddy bear in Richard Simmons gear. 

Other patrons were seated all over the large space, so everyone had their own private area in a way. I actually really dug this. I'm not one who needs a place to be crowded to enjoy myself or feel like ""it's happening."" Sitting around a fake fire with pints and board games with a few friends is more my speed these days anyway. So I may sound decrepit, but I'm really not that old. I swear.

Sure, Monkey Pants has frat-party gimmicks throughout the day, but this place has no pretense whatsoever. How can you even take it seriously? Even it doesn't take itself seriously. 

I mean, it's just sitting there. In a strip mall. In Tempe. With a painting of a teddy bear wearing Richard Simmons workout gear on the wall and a stack of sombreros sitting next to a popcorn machine. Waiting for you to leave your critical mind behind and enjoy the now.

And enjoy the now we did. 

All thanks to my Sketchy Tempe tour guide.

4 stars.

(end of Part One)",review,htC49ZwXiKNka5cp0GKBfQ,5,4,4
apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ,2010-08-23,oQZ3A_iMyLgOCjtldCqnoA,3,"It's a taqueria in a Latino supermarket.  Nothing special but you have choices. 

They will have just about everything you may like. It's not gourmet and some things are just sitting in the pans but at least you can look at what you want.

I'd go back if I just needed something quick....",review,cg4em4uXe5ab5qH7pB01gg,0,0,0
BK51tV_XtCm3UHwRVyCuqQ,2010-02-09,RhteV5_pyCxuJOJU__-KwA,5,"I'm in love. Bacon you have my heart and my stomach. After all- where else does everything come with one of my favorite foods attached to it? Even my Bloody Mary had a slice of crisp bacon in it along with a celery spear, olives and onions. Probably one of the best Bloody Mary's I have had in awhile. 

The location is a little off the beaten path which is why, I think, people are lined up to get in the Breakfast Club a couple of blocks away for mediocre food, and here at Bacon- the food and service is better and there was no line on the Sunday I was there. 

I was seated in what they call ""the nook"" located on the side where I had full view of the restaurant. The menu was well organized and entrees come with toast and breakfast potatoes and your choice of a side of bacon or ham. You can also substitute fresh tomatoes if that is your wish. 

The food came up quickly and was delicious! My ham and cheese omelet was perfectly done (all melted cheese and ham inside and firm eggs on the outside) and the side of bacon was crisp and tasty. Given the size, this easily was a 4 egg omelet. Breakfast with drinks ran about $20 which was cheap for all the food I got. 

But I would be remiss if I didn't talk about what really blew me away about this place. It's the fantastic service! Everyone seems to be part of a larger team. I was greeted by one person, seated by another and had at least three servers taking care of me. And countless people stopped by to ask how things were, if I needed more water for my tea, or if I wanted more preserves for my toast. It was unbelievable! While they have been open for 9 months- they had the staff of a place that has been open much longer. 

The ambiance is contemporary but is warmed up by the blue booths, checkered table cloths, and some mismatched dining tables in the center that can be expanded for larger groups. There are also antique food cases lining the walls filled with tins of chocolate, and other food ""cues"". I also liked that they have those ""roll up"" doors on the one side that bring the outdoors in and seats outside on those perfect days. 

If I lived in Scottsdale- this would be my ""go to"" brunch place. What I don't get is why people are waiting in line at a place around the corner that left me a little cold. C'mon people. If you haven't checked Bacon out- you should. After all- what's not to like about, Bacon?",review,68Ci9UgVIVEiCGXy05loLw,2,3,2
IC8no-tIdDWgkYzb5d-Nvw,2012-09-15,ZpyS3L0UbQ2MgQxJrQLLWw,3,"I truly wanted to love this place! I had the shrimp/pork spring rolls and shrimp/chicken vermicelli salad - both were quite good, with the exception of the rice paper and noodles tasting like they were rehydrated with unfiltered tap water (both had a weird taste). My husband's food, on the other hand, was terrible! He ordered #44 - the rice was extremely dry and chewy, the pork chop tasted ok, but was mostly bone and gristle, and the shredded pork was downright disgusting.",review,ma-7afsMYNnQkIGxRwPxdg,0,1,0
6HAwTnhNJoR5VNdfUrRoEw,2010-05-09,40JKj_TRFqQBgYE5gPP5ZA,5,"What can I say ?  This is awesome.  I am a donut fan and would give Dunkin 4 stars, just like this place.  Great variety, great coffee, fresh donuts.  The extra 1 star comes for the fluffiness of their dough.  Its very fluffy and its done just right.  

Dunkin is good but its donuts will taste a little hard and ""old"" when they have been sitting for a while.  For some reason, the Bosa donuts dun get too hard, even after U buy and drive for like 1/2 hour home.  I know its not located in the best part of town, but they are open 24 hrs and there is a drive thru.  They accept credit cards and discover :)",review,UrJSPcSii2LyKViKotQ_Kw,1,2,1
NAkRjPhS4yCD5trp0dY-bQ,2010-03-01,A82_x3fRgQ-gGQUn6lBVKQ,4,"Ride the bulls gals and put on a show :) Just wear pants, please!! Fun spot to get drunk and do kinky things with cotton candy! Great happy hour specials!

Extremely generous bartenders and huge portions of food. Well worth the money!!",review,OksbhhgC71Ary3zNHMypeQ,0,1,1
1NZLxU5WvB5roPFzneAlLw,2008-09-19,nQHI2kQElYrMWrPBqdwE4w,4,"Scary things to me:
Paris Hilton has a career. 
Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. 
My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!
Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. 

Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, ""Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?"" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. 

Finally. I found it. And entered. 

Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.
I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. 

I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! 

I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. 

Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!",review,C8ZTiwa7qWoPSMIivTeSfw,38,38,57
urBWfXQjyyWIO5B7FvnOpg,2010-08-29,p4jzuKrg5Lu44kRI8dVjhA,3,"Great bar with a friendly bartender named ""Bob""",review,jMGNNb-vpLcwFikrxIlTkQ,0,0,0
x5Mv61CnZLohZWxfCVCPTQ,2010-11-02,9--jL__9efnmXZEm9o0HIw,5,"OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few ""adult"" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying ""who ordered pizza"" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called ""their customer service"" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there....",review,9ellV9VrEOPA3vX2pZptSA,4,3,3
eTjk4-Sv8qStFrBdzdom7w,2011-07-27,dxZOyt-dSV4kxRKlfnZwKQ,1,"I decided to try qwest as I was tired of Cox continually raising their rates.

BAD CALL! Cox may cost a little more but is completely worth it. If I wasn't locked in to a BS contract I would switch back right now.

Internet: I signed up for their ""Heavy Duty"" internet @ 20 Mbps. I regularly test less than 2Mbps on dslreports.com. The best I have ever seen is a little over 5. When I call to try and get it fixed they tell me there is no guarantee on speeds. That is why they advertise ""up to"" 20 Mbps...

Phone: Extremely poor sound quality, very loud static and crackling, shocking as this is what they should be good at. I called to complain they explained we would have to pay to have technician look at it. This was the day after install!! Helpful hint, call back and tell them you want to cancel your account. The customer loyalty group is actually decent, they sent out a tech free of charge. He fixed it after a couple of hours, but acted completely put out that we wanted a clear line...

The bundle: Ah my favorite part and what has finally pushed me over the edge to submit a review...  I went with a bundled package (phone, cable, internet). The plan I signed up for was $147 a month. The first bill was $147, the second bill in I'm at $272.43. I can't make any sense out of the bill so I'm not sure why they think i owe this much. I love the fact that I will get the pleasure of wasting another hour plus of my day tomorrow talking to these fools. 

The day this contract is up I'm going back to Cox and I'll be happy to pay more!!",review,hh8ZFVvVMKNhbc5oM7SJWQ,0,0,0
HGOsJ1-GXCk5_8RmwKxomA,2012-09-07,dJevgZbV8veF5Lg4s6hlmQ,1,"I've been boycotting this store since 2009.  One afternoon after browsing for a while with my kids, I allowed my 10yo and 8yo to stay in the children's section to pick out a book to spend their allowance money on while I ran next door to TJ Maxx to buy the toddler a pair of shoes.  I'd been gone 30 minutes when I returned to find the horrid lady in the children's section had called the police on us.  She never asked the kids  their ages and didn't ask if they had a way to reach me (they did).  The police talked to them, realized they were perfectly well behaved consumers, and assured me I'd done nothing illegal.  Avoid like the plague.",review,UIfpjG5JOB2U1oAPW5xRBg,0,0,2
QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw,2010-06-19,_LF75tiFlgJMILRAlwVihQ,4,"Don't know why it took me this long to check out Joe's Farm Grill but my out-of-towners got a kick of this place.

We ordered :
Fontina Burger - 4*
BBQ Chicken Pizza - 4*
Grilled Veggie Pizza - 3*
Sweet Potato Fries - 2*
Garlic Fries - 4*
Onion Rings - 5*
Chocolate Milk Shake - 2*

The good:
- great selection of American food / good portion sizes
- allow upgrades to different kinds of fries to your meal
- the decor & cute history behind the farm
- open kitchen / sauce bar
- friendly staff 
- outdoor picnic benches under a huge tree where the kiddies can enjoy themselves
- hand washing fountain conveniently located by the soda fountain
- kiddies love the cool restrooms 

The bad:  
- lots of flies outside (that's summer in a farm for you)
- limited seating inside
- real vanilla milkshake tasted weird ( too much lemon juice?)",review,8_ztfjt9_RsKS-cQ9KlqKg,0,2,0
Snp5LyDO9NeQiuFPOlkavw,2007-05-30,Qknh9DCPsCC7-yjzIqzWmw,1,"Went here one night with a group of friends. This place is pink, crowded, and really not that impressive. I ordered some sorbet and it was bland - that in itself is an accomplishment - bland sorbet.  The 50's style booth seats were very uncomfortable (maybe to discourage staying long?) and the tables were the wrong height for eating. I had to strain to get above face level of my food (and i'm a normal sized woman) It was also very very (very) loud in here.

I'll avoid going here again. The quality of the product was just too poor - I'd rather hit up a Whole Foods and get some good sorbet without the discomfort and echoing nosie.",review,51-ZrwQODnpIX0dQEshZNw,0,1,0
vvMR0jgDoBA-g1XgZy8sEg,2011-01-21,uC18aU88r3iQSU2E9P6N7g,4,"I've been here three times now and have yet to have a bad meal, or walk away complaining. The food is consistent. The prices are fair. And the service is great. Nice hidden gem without stupid long waits at breakfast. Score!",review,-bBWxXTOqxbxS0BCIXdI0Q,3,6,1
zMa6YoEekpABg1HZnnTZdg,2010-10-23,cLn2qOR1BVSaeLePjlL0rw,5,"This is my favorite fine dining in town.  I only go here 2 or 3 times a year because it's a little pricey for dinner, but wow, what great food!  Dessert is awesome here too, love the Sundae.  I just went here for my birthday last week and it still lives up to expectations although they don't carry my favorite anymore (double cut grilled pork chop).  They might start carrying it after they move to their new location though, here's hoping!  If you're looking for a classy place with great dinner dishes then this place is highly recommended, just please dress accordingly and don't try wearing a hat, not allowed!",review,dWa3oZ_uXFaCMtPOT44R4g,0,0,0
1cTI09YZ3uRPXt3YkznuPg,2010-11-10,_PHRPFEJFyFOG7dYtbbYtw,5,"This is a real find and I mean ""find""  because it is tucked away on the side streets of downtown Glendale. This small little restaurant is unique in decor and cuisine, not many polish restaurants around.  The food is flavorful and fresh, the soups are unique and tasty.  The stuffed bell peppers are awesome as is the stew.The owners are warm and inviting without being overbearing.  

My only disappointment is the limited hours, I work too far away to get there for lunch and they are only open a few nights a week.  Definitely worth the trip.",review,HjpzhIQFRQbFmc_7CtFDmg,0,2,0
ff_QnODW0vqNWZPSTVQTsQ,2012-06-29,mvJEGVvZMqiQYRIHAWgKkg,4,The meat and bread is so fresh that it makes Mr. Goodcents my number one sub place to hit up when in the mood for a sub,review,hSEv6hOHIJt2kaFHr2vsPw,0,1,0
l1kqHWtICTNk8TdCNisf5A,2011-04-14,Ad3sV7SdrnnlVnFFG460yA,4,"Found this place from yelp and had to check it out based on the great reviews. All I can say is wow! This place is super yummy! I have a new favorite! Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed. My only downfall was they don't accept Amex cards.",review,2fcMkfHqosP8tN1k69xGZA,0,1,0
ObnZiF99lqggVasgyGBtVA,2010-10-05,qtAhygfuv03acOomehx22g,4,"Mini burgers aren't a new idea or anything, but I have a habit of showing up to a restaurant starving and over ordering, so if a place can take care of the portion control for me I'm pretty pleased.  

The food is great - normally I get a Buffalo burger with sweet potato fries, and sometimes I'll toss in a Sloppy Joe for sentimental reasons, but the bartender Marshal has got to be one of my favorite parts. Always friendly. 

Comfortable place that's great for happy hour or as a stop during your normal Old Town rotation.",review,zsa2eOX_YcEQFZHtGZoKuA,1,1,0
XA-mMT47rFZNEllPBCYWQQ,2011-12-28,5We2Cs096q0za_dyO8jt6g,1,I don't get it. This place is crazy busy with no Manager in sight and in hiding during the busy dinner hour. No name tags on the employees. I was scolded for pointing over the sneeze glass to the sauce that I wanted since nothing was labeled. I guess I violated the health code. Thanks for not locking me up. I told my family we will not spend one more dime here.,review,NvDR3SPVPXrDB_dbKuGoWA,4,5,6
uYQo0oDXI5NEoMJNWXnx8Q,2009-12-06,PPM_fRvlKymi1bBngTBO4w,4,"I really like this place over Pizza Hut or Dominoes because the pizza is excellent and well priced 
The pizza from here isn't gross like other pizza places/chains
it tastes authentic and freshly made
When we order pizza, we only order from here
We also get the wings usually we ask for extra sauce because if you don't they don't put much on them 
Other than that, its great
It take anywhere from 20-30 minutes for delivery for us",review,cqPcKMkgfWc5lu3ltuLdFg,0,1,0
RUZvUPOn90ScX60eETwcCw,2008-06-04,ExS95rTSGyqxgBMIG5c4Gw,5,"Lee Lee's finally expanded from their Chandler location for us who have loyally driven an hour to shop. Low prices, huge selection, and it only took like a week for the place to smell like a true Asian market (i.e., wherever you are, you will never escape the smell of fish).

I love it. I bought ingredients for Vietnamese spring rolls, two different kinds of curries, a new motor/pestle, a Vietnamese coffee press, and some various other vegetables and liquors... hardly anything. Also, the seafood, while I didn't purchase any, looks very fresh.

Wonderful to see such a great addition to west Phoenix.",review,jnMII2mt0V6AM4_oMECyIQ,2,3,1
MIsLw-yvFeSxyvJXgFPA8Q,2011-05-04,nv0iJ88EeSHC46ZRNKgueQ,2,"I saw this company on 2 Fix It and thought i'd give them a try. I was charged $320.00 to replace a day/night photo sensor for our front lights. Here's the breakdown...

$49.00 service call
$89.00 diagnostic fee
$199.00 no fuss price to replace the sensor (#3 on their Straightforward Pricing)

They replaced the small recessed photo sensor with one that extrudes from the side of the house. Clearly it is not the same part. WTH?!

I phoned Mr Sparky to log my complaint - they were very nice. As of now, the owner of the franchise will be calling me to discuss my options. I'll post an update on the results.

I just believe that if you are paying over $300.00 for a little photo light sensor, you should get a similar part in return. Unbelievable.

To Fix It certainly didn't do their research on this company.",review,QocwkeVyChF2JoP_zKH8Fw,0,2,0
m-zkVdThpPsJxj3pZ2C7aw,2011-02-27,o1HPntedIkl3qlkmEZUQ2w,2,"I had to drop it down to 2 stars.  The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.  They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us.  Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls?  

We had our usuals:
2 chicken fried rice - ok
2 mongolian beef - good
2 chicken chow mein - good
2 crispy honey chicken - good
1 orange peel chicken - meh...
1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was good

Main reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED!  We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.).  We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed!  So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us.  He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.  We were always out of drinks.  I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time.  I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).",review,_PzSNcfrCjeBxSLXRoMmgQ,2,3,0
XNSito__Fne14TXU0vz1Qw,2011-01-12,2vjgFJ1cNQZtOxLDtoBcvA,4,"I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. When I first saw the address, I was very skeptical. It is in Sunnyslope. I literally had to tell myself that there are still some gems on Central and that this place was probably one of them. I'm so glad I had that talk with myself. This place is nestled into a great little area of shops and cute patio homes, small businesses and a school. They have a great atmosphere, the inside has roll-up, garage doors and there is a huge patio. 

My friends and I settled into one of the sofa areas and made ourselves comfortable. They have a decent happy hour, all wines are 1/2 off and beer is $2.00 off. We ended up having some wine and a selection of brushetta, all was pretty yummy.  The brushetta wasn't the best I have ever had, but there was a nice selection and it was pretty tasty.  We had the brie and apples (delicious, how could you go wrong), mozzarella and tomatoe (also really yummy), brie and bacon which I didn't try and the tapenade (a little salty, but what can you expect from chopped up olives?).  Once happy hour ended, our very knowledgeable and helpful server told us that for $20 we could get a bottle of wine and another order of brushetta, so we did. Hey, why not, it's Monday!?! 

Ultimately, I was only supposed to stay for an hour (I was sick and jet-lagged and just needed to go home) and I ended up staying for almost four hours. As it got darker, the place took on a very sexy, relaxed vibe. I definitely like the place and I will be back. 

Good atmosphere, good food, reasonable prices and friendly service.",review,_6NI9_kujXCUEiwrnDI53g,0,0,1
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw,2011-05-04,H9whtu4tISJuChY4oTgkYg,5,"I have been coming to Lux for years ever since I started graduate school here in AZ.  What is there to say that hasn't already been said other than hands down it is my go-to coffee spot in Arizona.  Such a warm and diverse group of people, rotating artwork, the perfect study music playing in the background (although it is played a bit loud), espresso roasted on-site and baked goods made on-site.  Always find an excuse to end up there for a café au lait or a velvet if I have a sweet tooth!",review,vvrBA4jHwTRF-tFw8j-ASQ,0,1,0
AaKlegu7gmOCD4rEESF76Q,2010-08-20,3t6cS2HNdch4v7R3cTTYZA,4,"Lunch was delicious, as usual. I had the bruschetta trio for the first time and I couldn't find anything wrong with it, much as I tried to. Not even the onions bothered me. And if you know me, you know how much I hate onions. But their bruschetta was so full of all my favorite flavors I couldn't even complain about the onions. Now that's saying something.",review,T6D4ay1ID9MCTaN5-2g-HQ,0,0,0
iELA6eREUgDVQrtLgYmS6Q,2010-04-17,xVcX2Oy8d0V30VOAj7AC5Q,5,I am in love with Yogurtland fro yo!!  It is super delicious and inexpensive!!  I got the coconut and added shredded coconut and mochi pieces...yummm.   Can't wait to go back.,review,XaSDZk_rE3D7WI4EKtXM2Q,0,0,0
StwBhPYVo-q-x1FccSmzwQ,2010-09-05,1PnC4Hb6N0nzx7bAPgk5Mg,3,"I usually shop at this store because it is the most convenient and has the best prices and selection in the area. For staple goods such as bread, milk, eggs, meats, and canned goods, the prices are usually lower than the other large grocery stores. Their branded goods (Kroger) such as condiments are usually good quality compared to store brands at other stores. However, in the last few years, vegetable prices have skyrocketed (other than tomatoes, celery, and lettuce) so I find myself driving several miles away to a healthy food specialty store to stock up. This Fry's was recently renovated, seemingly to make it more difficult to find the items you are looking for, and making what should be a quick trip in an out into a half-hour ordeal. The aisles also seem to be harder to navigate, with bulky displays jutting out here and there, and it's difficult to get around other customers. What I do like is that there are four self-checkouts so you usually don't have to wait in lines. I also like Fry's policy of charging you the price on the shelf-tag, or you get the item free. I've often walked out with cash in my pockets when I went in with none. Sometimes due to the confusing ""VIP customer"" pricing on the receipt, it's a bit difficult to tell if you paid the right price. Read your receipt carefully!",review,_FbZ1gXZL349iiz5D8gz2Q,0,1,0
ZAhZFqC_bTVXmDlx0E0Wmg,2008-09-18,DQh-8_MqsEarnFKhTgM4Rw,4,"Fruity Pebbles! YAY!

They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were happy people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away free frozen yogurt! 

They were offering original (vanilla) and pomegranate flavors to choose from, I chose pomegranate. They have fruity pebbles as a topping which made me very happy, since that was my favorite cereal as a kid.",review,9VPNlcKsL99FvKtz1r9qJg,4,3,2
muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw,2011-05-10,RHG0b-YZgj2ejAq0yO8OOQ,4,"Great place with good service, a nice menu, and a fantastic wine list in terms of quality, quantity, and value.  

We enjoyed the Abbaye de Bellocq and Taleggio Caravaggio cheeses with the order of the French plate that included pate, cornichons, figs, Dijon mustard, dried cranberries, and baguette.  None at the table were very knowledgeable about cheeses, but we told our server Zach our likes and dislikes and he steered us in the right direction.  This was a very nice start to the meal and ample for four people.  We paired it with an '08 Cakebread Sauvignon Blanc.  

There was a dinner entree of risotto cakes w/ peas, asparagus, and mushrooms that we all wanted to try so we put it in as an order for an appetizer.  The portion was fairly small so it was perfect for an appetizer, but I would have been a little disappointed had someone ordered it for their main course.

For our entrees two of us ordered the duck and the other two ordered the scallops.  The duck was prepared perfectly with crisp skin and moist breast.  This was served atop a red-wine risotto with blackberry gastrique. The menu stated there would be seasonal vegetables, but I caught very few on my plate.  The scallops were also cooked perfectly and were served with spinach/tomato/olive pasta.  We ordered a bottle of Delas ""Saint-Esprit"" Cotes du Rhone.  I felt bad about ordering one of the cheapest bottles on the menu (only $20!), but the Cotes du Rhone caught my eye and I wanted to try it.  It ended up being a very nice wine, whatta steal.

Due to dietary restrictions of one guest, we had to request a change on one of the entrees and the server was very respectful of it and discussed it with the chef who obliged with no issues.  Kudos for going out of their way to take care of us.

For dessert we had a chocolate cookie filled with molten chocolate served with ice cream, along with crème brulee.  Both were not out of this world, but a nice finish nonetheless to a fabulous meal.

All in all this was a great place that was very reasonably priced where you could go all out and not feel too bad when the bill came. :) I enjoyed the wine list and it was apparent that they did not markup their wines as much as other restaurants.  The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is portion size, lack of vegetables with the entree (I much enjoy a meal of protein, vegetable, starch with somewhat equal ratios), and there was not one ""wow"" factor in which I will be telling my friends ""You MUST order this dish"" or a dish I have to come back for.   I wouldn't have minded the small portion size at all had it perhaps been on a bigger plate with more use of color.  

I would definitely enjoy coming back and would love to try their happy hour.  I also love how they are open on Monday evenings since a lot of nice places aren't.

Sorry this is my first time writing a review so if you don't want to read the whole thing:

Positive:
GREAT wine list 
Outstanding cheeses
On the mark entrees
Knowledgeable and attentive staff

Negative:
Portion sizes
Lack of vegetables",review,viAdG2g_GCeHQQJ9T-vVsw,0,1,0
9mfec4ySQpW8doGs3FUP2Q,2011-08-28,sG5Upd3taNXOPV0G4U9iJQ,2,"The valet guys were absolutely awesome.  They were the best part of my stay at this hotel.  

The grounds were okay - NOT 5 star quality.  The decor in the rooms seemed old, and the color scheme was dated. 

Although most of the staff was friendly, we did have a pretty bad encounter with the pool manager.  My husband and I had bought a bag of popcorn at the grocery store and were snacking on it poolside.  The pool manager came up to us and informed us that outside food is not allowed in the pool area.  She told us that we needed to put our food away.  She then left without even offering the opportunity to order some Fairmont approved food.  It was really strange and off-putting.  We had been sitting by the pool for over an hour and not a single person from the wait staff had come up to us to take our drink/food orders.  Also, it seems a bit ridiculous that we can't eat our own bagged popcorn.  It's not like we were chowing down on a big meal and making a mess.  It made the resort seem elitist.  I definitely won't be staying here again.

I've stayed at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale before and would definitely recommend that hotel over the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess.",review,D0Bub4WGXDSQmtZ3irXWNw,0,0,0
CpYBCG_UAlyRpTFyMZe0zQ,2012-12-13,q2NjGcMKZCUkIbbRNC1lmQ,5,"I LOVE LOVE LOVE Paws Salon. I used to take my dog to Canine Preferred but the ladies at the front dest were flakey, so I thought I'd try a new place and I am SO glad I did. The owner Tracy clearly has a passion for animals. Walking in you are greeted by a cat, dog, and Macaw that call the front of the shop home. You are able to see them grooming the dogs (a big plus for me, you never know what some places do behind closed doors). She is very professional and seems like a no bullshit kind of lady (in a good way). She's to the point, tries to listen to exactly what you want and offers options and suggestions to help. They keep track of the previous cut that was given (it's annoying some places you to have to tell them every time). I would highly recommend this pet salon. They also offer daycare, and overnight boarding. I can't want to try the daycare to socialize my pup some more! Can't go wrong at this salon..",review,UHWSMoTUnoBuUgujsYIXhw,3,2,1
rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ,2012-03-04,k_qrYmIteMgT5Yf6D3KVIw,5,"A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!

Fancy smancy table service
Dark and cool with bar seating
Rotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs. Alex was friendly and rattled off drink specials. Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something. I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal. Now I look around, this is a breaking ground for hooters. Low cut and falling out. Not a fan of that. 
Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bitter bite. Not my type of amber but they tried. 
2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw? What the heck for $18.  
Pulled pork sandwich $10
2 meat with pork and brisket 
Ranch House Salad
Corn bread (pucks) of sweet, warm goodness.

Sides were great! The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was fantastic and the slaw was great with the pecan. 
Brisket was the clear winner from the table and we all loved the smoky sausage. The pulled pork was a disappointing third as it was dry. Good thing I went with brisket. 
Two thumbs up here kids. Well worth your time and money. Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too.",review,_Fxrn9P_nvvIY4JCvD5tOw,2,5,0
WxpCYziMlEy8mrEa_VcB1w,2011-09-13,YYKAzO1cwoVUU8GhRuQk6Q,4,"This place is right in my neighborhood, but I always seem to forget it's there! Finally tried it out last night and I was very impressed. I LOVED the trio of salsas they serve with their chips...especially the green one! It is fantastic and so flavorful. I ordered chicken enchiladas with green sauce, and they were delicious. Normally enchiladas come drowning in cheese, but these one were not and you could really taste the flavor of the enchilada sauce. Their charro beans were very good as well; definitely a nice alternative to refried beans. I can't wait to go back here and try some of their other dishes!",review,nEL-_kLeN37CSR9fXFY4zw,0,0,0
UCid2Tas6K4SB9sHO9gQ8w,2012-08-05,GLtihzUL0RjmlFJ3hVC2zQ,2,"My husband I dined here a few months ago. We'd never been and thought we'd give it a try! The decor was lovely, the staff was very friendly, and the food looked spectacular! Now you'd think my star rating would be better but sadly it isn't. Even though everything looked amazing the food was actually tasteless. We were both surprised that our food tasted so terrible when it looks so amazing. I had ordered a shrimp plate and he ordered a lamb dish. Unfortunately we've never been back and probably wont ever go back.",review,J5nb9AT1LDiGN4_hY0Au8Q,0,1,0
OFiQ34TNKEE5a00Vd8Kwsg,2008-10-21,qfcBM0OcNJ8G9LTVMvfpwg,4,"A definite welcome to the neighborhood!! 

I was delightfully surprised at how much the store offers in such a small space. Grant it you are not going to get many choices on some items, but you may be surprised at some of the items you do find. There were plenty of choices for organic foods and ""green"" products, also. 

The good:
convenience - for those of you that has one in your neighborhood. Easy to get in and out of with front door parking.

PRICE - The prices are as low as Walmart's but without the hassle of having to deal with the super-store size. (they accept coupons too - even better) 

Ready meals - Great concept. Many places do this, but I found that it was easy (and fun) to create a full meal. Main courses, salads, sides, sandwiches and desserts all labeled and located in one place. If you don't have time to cook give it a shot. It is not as cheap as cooking it yourself but lasagna for two people for six bucks isn't bad. 

The bad:
Stay away from the Rotisserie Chicken. A little dry and over-cooked. I've had better at Fry's, Costco. Save your tastebuds.

In a world of Mega-stores with mega-parkiing lots it is nice to have a place that is actually cheaper to go to and within walking distance. 

The best way to describe Marketside is if you were to cram the Walmart food section and the Wholefoods quality and organic cool factor  in a space the size of Walgreens.",review,XM6M-WWbCAeLy83jrABkcA,2,6,1
jY91cyqDJX2ndkoOYhWDmw,2011-03-03,SvV9WRdf2DhvKgrfzoRmng,4,"Best description of this place would be Chick-fil-A play land meets Pump-It-Up.  My kids love this place.  They're moving and climbing non-stop whenever we are there, so I love it.  We had their birthday parties there about 6 months ago.  Overall, I think the kids had fun. The only downside to the birthday parties is that you can't have a private party unless you do it afterhours, which is sort of late for young kids.   I think its $9 for an open session.  My only other complaint is the quality and price of the food.  I think its Sam's Club food.  They charge $2.00 for a not so great hot dog.  Also, I think they need to vacuum more often; the floor appeared to be pretty dirty.  They say they vacuum everyday, but I'm not so sure about that.",review,19BunjXk7zhd811rF42U7w,1,3,0
1xu5wFd0TeBg6xNBiRtknw,2010-01-03,9TI6omm-shDdGU9O452xCg,4,"Carmel Bianca!!! Oh my Effin Gosh... that's the stuff! It's yum. I'm a fan of white chocolate flavored coffee so maybe I'm bias and why I simply enjoyed my 16oz of Carmel Bianca goodness. It's simply espresso, steamed milk, white chocolate and carmel drizzled on top. And that's the signature drink of Dolce Espresso.

Thanks to Yelp I decided last night after a driving lesson with L that I was too tired to drive home without something to pick me up... and that was reason enough to make the short trek to Dolce because I've always wanted to try it. Wasn't exactly sure where it was, and happy to find that it's just across from Padre's next to a Psychic place. Dolce has a cool vibe with music videos playing. And they're good songs too... like I had never seen Pitbull's ""The Anthem"" video... liked it! Enjoyed my Carmel Bianca with a slice of their Chicago Style Cheesecake. I liked the cheesecake because it was different in taste compared to other cheesecakes, it was like a marzipan with cheese frosting on top... so it was interesting. Not really a fan of the German Choc that my friends K and D got. I thought it was dry... yuck! 

It's a small place that's bright, with four flat screens spread about. The owner, Cesar (I think) was a sweetheart! I just hope Dolce survives as a 24 hour cafe on weekends because this place has potential. It's way better than counterculture cafe back in the day. This is like the best place to go after the bars if you need a pick me up before heading home to the eastside from central Phoenix. Prices are moderate. SO pls check this place out and spread the word... love it and I'll be back!",review,ROr4DQ-gxlfUKmiDC-qSEQ,1,0,0
NcAI7SE1SNlrOEfFg9Wzuw,2010-03-17,i3f5clX9zf4PHAovtY2HJg,5,"Say hello to the Ghost Lounge, folks. This is a brand new bar located right next to Seamus, within the San Carlos through an agreement with the hotel's ownership. 

For years, I've thought the Hotel San Carlos was an under-appreciated (through its own fault) downtown venue. With the Ghost, the owner has finally executed a plan to revive its rightful place on the downtown Phoenix scene. This is apparent from the first step inside the lobby, which appears as it did in 1928 when the hotel first opened. If celebrities in the 1930s had to spend the night in Phoenix, back then a small, un-airconditioned cowboy town with around 50,000, they would have stayed here. (Or else the near-by Westward Ho). You get a taste of those times with the massive photographic blow-ups the Ghost has put up on its walls of various scenes from early 20th century downtown Phoenix. So large that you can zero in on individual pedestrians on the streets, and marvel at their bowties, cowboy hats, handkerchiefs and facial expressions. Back then, the San Carlos was probably one of the only places in town that was ""air-cooled."" (That may have meant it had swamp coolers. I haven't googled the history of air conditioning technology for this review.)

I'd describe the bar's style as grandiose, and classic old school Phoenix with an obligatory hint of Chicago (obligatory given the decades-old economic relationship betweeen the two cities that endures to this day). It has been beautifully done. I will be back often.",review,17PPxx8RxjOUD_nQZ1aHEw,7,4,1
jJlOPkv4Xl6vxNzr51fnYw,2012-10-20,X01rATwkRBlS0wrtI_5W-Q,5,"Saigon Pho doesn't have a fancy sign, great decor or even windows you can look in/out of. But who cares when you have the most amazing Pho in the valley (and at the best prices)? The servings are very big and everything averages about $6 a plate. Staff is very attentive and quick to deliver the goods.

As you can read through the various other reviews - everyone has a favorite dish. I have a problem with gluttony so I can't suggest a single dish - I can only suggest them all. However, this place also has some of the best Salt and Pepper calamari I've ever had.",review,-gdDH8SMQ01tOMlUvhMcgw,0,0,0
nts2OALwvyvfNh9focRZ3w,2012-10-14,JUpwiKYEVUhMQ6slbsufKg,4,"Delicious burger!

They have a massive menu with something for everyone.  My gf got a light basil-pesto chicken with a nicely sweet bread, while I got a southwestern burger and fruit on the side.  This is a gem in ahwatukee.  Walking in, I felt at home because it reminded me of many cafes from Boston; it was clean but with a bit of hip grunge look.  There's a big garage door on the one side of the restaurant that opens out for a large patio in the cooler months.

I'll definitely return here when I make trips to ahwatukee.",review,iJePycN1ZDtpyN_tJ6J9wQ,0,0,0
9AbyBqGWHYZC73GlyAuTrQ,2011-05-18,8L-fPdFtG1YgMKxTdKF27Q,4,"The best caesar salad i have ever had.

The scallops were tasty, but not as crispy as I like them.  My husband loved his steak.

The chocolate lava cake is amazing.  Instead of a little oozing chocolate, there was a lot of oozing chocolate.  And their house chantilly cream is to die for.  I could eat it alone, by the spoonful.",review,e_raEH6Y6fdS20UWGpZ5Nw,0,1,0
fb9eLHJ4S--TyXsarJJo-g,2010-07-05,9uBCN_JObJUhTW6ADZOgnw,4,"I know little about Ethiopian food. I'm an adventurous eater, and was taken here to try it. And I must say, now, that I am a fan! 

The food was very cheap, and incredibly flavorful. So, if you're on a budget, and want to either impress a date with your culture, or are a foodie, this is a great place to try! I am writing it only as 4 stars only because I haven't tried any other Ethiopian food. However, I pretty much don't want to risk tr.ying another place ;)

The Ethiopian tea they serve is fantastic, along with your meal. The portions are generous, along with generous amount of of injera. We has more than enough food around us, and left stuffed.

The dish that especially impressed me, was the curry chicken. So much so, that I continually kept enjoying the injera in the sauce. 

All the vegetarian food was delicious! I, unfortunately, don't remember the names of everything, but the greens were some of the best I've ever had, along with a lentil dish. 

Also, I rated this good for kids, however, that's only because I have a toddler that eats anything! If you don't have problems feeding your kid unique food, I suggest an attempt!

In short, if you're a big food fan, or want to be a little more adventurous on your food options, especially for a great, fair price, try Blue Nile!!",review,SJoMGpnY0DVtMlpjFK78-Q,0,1,0
LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg,2010-08-06,S-bht-LTE-Af1FfyAaC0qQ,5,"Great staff without an attitude (which is rare in Scottsdale).  As I was waiting for my party to arrive, I was sitting outside drinking my beer and eating my food.  Without ANY questions and/or hassle, my bill was transferred inside when my party arrived.  Not only that, but our waiter remember exactly what I had and was able to split it without me even asking him to do so.  OK, how great is that?  I am totally sold on the service there an  I will definitely come back.  Very nice unpretentious place.",review,KADdk3Fa_rGuGHAmSIGoaw,0,0,0
H03D-h5UwPXOv64W5Iqn_Q,2010-10-10,9eAC-Obald8H1LPXV4jq-g,3,"Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover. This looks like a typical diner and indeed that's what it was. Even though the place was busy (Sunday breakfast time) I was immediately seated, the servers were friendly and everyone used the obligatory ""hon"" when addressing you, and the food came fast in spite of the busy time. Taste and quality of the food were typical for a diner - OK, not great, but the pancakes were definitely more than I could finish. Not as inexpensive as I though it would be: pancakes (3) with bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee came to a few cents short of 10 bucks! Very casual atmosphere: most of the folks here were attired like they were about to do some home gardening after breakfast.",review,m7vtKWpZ9wdEQ95wJxrMrg,5,7,3
sgBl3UDEcNYKwuUb92CYdA,2010-06-01,QG6VUaudvRr4a837Xjg5CA,3,"Again, it's a bit unfair of me to rate this restaurant because I'm from San Jose/Cupertino but I'm gonna do it anyway.

So, being from San Jose/Cupertino, I've had me some good Chinese food and even better dim sum. So when the Boyfriend brought me here, I was expecting something decent, but not anything too authentic.

This place was fairly decent and authentic! It has the Asian ladies and their dim sum carts. It has the OG dim sum dishes. It even has the authentic less than mediocre Asian service. 

The only disappointment is that this place is a bit dirty and ragged-y looking. And the vegetable dishes are minimal. In fact, I had to order a veg dish off the menu because they didn't have any dim sum veg dishes and it cost $13! Bleh.",review,z-X-cAwVB1wIsAJnxpwr7g,0,2,0
5N9bWl5zWuDX-Q1YpTf2LQ,2007-08-23,cPQtzuktnu7Mg9ZmPGlfsg,2,"Pretty lame subs and sandwiches. Worked close by so tried a few times. Hate to say it, but Subway is much better. Quality and quantity of ingredients in the so so bread left a lot to be desired.

Service was okay but nothing to Yelp positively about.",review,NoxjYVkRQOQXZm7rDvhj-Q,0,0,0
GbEOmf5k73r_UJWjchrHOg,2012-02-19,8tW7Dbqv8RR2NfZJ4vyB9g,4,"I would never have stopped at the Wy-Knot Cafe if it had not been for a friend mentioning it in a post on Facebook. I am glad I saw that post. There have been a number of restaurants in that location that have failed. Wy-Knot has opened the space up, made it dog friendly (it is named for their dog) and has a great menu. You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you. The employees were all very friendly. The only down side was the lack of parking due to the other businesses sharing a lot. Also there were hardly any customers. Hopefully they will deliver menus to the houses in the neighborhood and maybe do some promotions on the neighborhood e-mail service so people will know what they have to offer. I would like to see them make it.

They serve breakfast and lunch all day. They had a variety of choices and it was hard to decide on one. We split a BLT and a Chicken Salad Sandwich so we could try both. They come with a side of beet salad or salad of the day. The beet salad was very good. We both preferred the BLT but I am sure the Chicken Salad was more healthy and it was tasty as well.

Give them a try, I think you will enjoy the Wy-Knot Cafe. I will be back.",review,RAWy3YCE-jwfyuGvwzUaqQ,3,6,2
kPh2gPvd8moVx6gNf2iHsA,2011-06-05,wNEsy3l3MAfak2iAA5TgrQ,2,"Despite not being Federal employees in any way, Memorial Day seems to be a time when restaurateurs think they deserve a day off, leaving me with few actual lunch options and relegating me to the worst of the worst: Eating. In an AIRPORT RESTAURANT.

Turns out that Taberna wasn't actually as bad as all that - the bar is nice to spend a few hours waiting for your flight, and the titular Blue Burrito - despite not being blue in any way, shape or form - wasn't too bad by fast food standards, and quite plentiful for the $8 I spent on it. And if you don't like it, you can cover it with Cholula, close your eyes, and pretend you're eating somewhere better.",review,ZZf6vwEgfKGZN3uNquORPg,0,1,0
tqDwpyCB53TiEIv915Tuww,2008-05-14,cGzKwaNWgQWRQihrCpGI3w,4,"Every culture has their comfort soup.  American's have chicken noodle, Mexican's have menudo and Vietnamese have pho.  I must have been Vietnamese in a past life. 

Pho is the national dish of Vietnam and a staple at any Vietnamese restaurant and Pho Avina has some of the best pho around.  Let me warn you - this isn't an appetizer, this is a meal.  A big, steaming bowl of soup served with your choice of meat and noodles in a savory, almost sweet, broth.  The pho is served with a large plate of fresh basil, cilantro and bean sprouts; the cilantro complimented the soup nicely.  I chose the chicken and shrimp and was pleasantly surprised with large shrimp and big chunks of all white chicken. 

My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered the deluxe vermicelli salad.  A salad of noodles, veggies, beef, chicken, shrimp, eggroll, sweet potato cake and fish sauce - toss together and enjoy.  I had it boxed up, but did nibble on a few items and the sweet potato cake is out of this world good. 

I had come for the banh mi at the recommendation of a previous yelper.  They only serve the sandwiches Monday-Friday from 11-3; I had just missed them.  Darn.  I will definitely be back to try the banh mi and a boba, there were soooo many delicious flavors to choose from except for the fresh durian - icky, icky, icky.",review,MmPOU8kbuwkE4NedXe-qZw,4,4,1
YkFBelUWinftlweJzuiIAw,2009-02-04,_oLIjTVzhzRw44K9ziUXkQ,5,"I'll never forget my first Urban Cookie. I was checking out after a successful day of shopping at Frances (my favorite boutique), when the girl behind the counter offered me some cookies they had out on a tray. I hesitated at first (because I was worried about fitting the new skinny jeans I had just bought) but gave in after little persuasion.

It was love at first bite. After buying my jeans, I rushed immediately to Urban Cookie and bought one of every kind. Although it was close, Urban Trail was my favorite. 

I really can't help myself, I keep going back for more (plus the owner is super cute). 

I love urban cookie!",review,7NF_JQ18tkXQqs_eSVWqKw,0,0,0
rIonUa02zMz_ki8eF-Adug,2012-06-16,mutQE6UfjLIpJ8Wozpq5UA,2,"This review is for the chain in general. The location we went to is new so it isn't in Yelp yet. Once it is I will put this review there as well. We were there on Friday at 5 PM. 

The reason I gave it 2 stars is because the burger was very good and it was made the way I asked for it. My husbands burger was not.

But, the server and the fries left a lot to be desired. Let me preface by saying that we had been to several other locations. I like my fries crispy. I ask for them well done, extra crispy, scorched, tortured hollow tubes. Whatever their buzz word is for well done. The location will comply. EVERY OTHER 5 GUYS HAS COMPLIED. But not the one at TATUM AND SHEA. She said that corporate said they are not to cook the fries that way. So if we were to put up with soggy fries - yes soggy, then we did not want them. 

She also interrupted us several times which is rude. THEN she went and called corporate just to double check for us and she came to the table and said they said no they were not to cook them that way. Seriously? We did not ask for her to do this. She actually accused us of being undercover shoppers. We started to say something and then again- she interupted.

Listen, if you explain that our choice is not how the company wishes to present their product and we still choose to have them a different way, you should comply. It is after all our money and our decision. I was raised with the rules that #1 the customer is always right. And #2 if the customer is wrong REFER TO RULE NUMBER 1!!

We will not return. They have lost our business and I hope she loses her job.
If you want to try a really good burger AND FRIES place- go to Paradise Valley Burger Company at 40th Street and Bell. You will not be disappointed.",review,KLekdmo4FdNnP0huUhzZNw,0,0,0
OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw,2011-09-28,IokuZD7dpn8EUbOUe-vehQ,4,"Great service.  Tasty food.  I like it for lunch because later, I can skip dinner.  Their salad bar satisfies the vegetarian taste buds.  I like this place alot.  I think it lives up to the hype.",review,IDHrwv_RCildFvmfWTkj5Q,0,1,0
wzP2yNpV5p04nh0injjymA,2011-01-06,OAn4Mio4vlY5VjTTug6kjQ,5,This is thee place to indulge your sweet tooth. Great ice cream and ice cream creations from an establishment with deep roots and long pedigree in the ice cream biz.  Just can't be beat.,review,1zjPzcFdboSqis0Fkhccdg,0,0,0
-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ,2011-09-25,haExcdo2cZyKHrVA-lnNDQ,5,"Another visit: 

Greeeeeeat carne asada tacos, torta and that orange cake! Quesadillas, pork and chicken, were a great balance of cheese, meat and sauce.

That orange cake though?! Like, I am one of those people that would do ...things for good carrot cake, and the basic format of carrot cake done with oranges, cream cheese icing and all, was a wonderful flavor surprise. 

Gallo Blanco looks like a top contender for Places to Take Visitors. Just a very well rounded place to give visitors a taste of good eats in Phoenix and examples of well done and delish Mexican cuisine.",review,W9h1ufjEzDp7THyAqRw65g,0,2,0
VslWrTzjCFBG_2Ru9nwjMA,2011-10-02,CXu-zGp78C73ugOWxxCmTg,4,"Well, i was very excited to go to this event, however, not so excited when it was all over. The music was great and it is a very nice place. It really reminds me of Vegas. However, it  was fashion week and we all thought that we would see models sashaying down the runway. But, no. No fashion at all. The wine was comp and it was very good ,i give great praise for that!  But the samples of food were few and far between. The Servers skipped out many times. Not like most Yelp events which are usually out the door GREAT!  We ordered from the happy hour menu.  I fully agree lots of salt, but i think it was the soy sauce, it was the most salty..i have ever had. There is very little parking here as well so be prepared for that as well.  All in all we had a good time.But, not as fabulous as most Yelp events.",review,F6QsMoJdvtohlbnST-fDyQ,2,3,2
jRfdz5voj40P6WS9L54caw,2011-01-03,7Wr_JzujZxyQvwJJ3-GnCA,4,"I was a lucky girl the other night. Rico, B's husband has moved from Z Tejas to the Herb Box so I got to tag along to the ""practice night"", I'm sure there's technical term for if for those in the business but for me it meant free dinner at one of my favorite places. 

First, the decor. You can't work in interior design for six years and not notice design. They've done it up in a cozy Cape Cod feel with exposed beams, wide plank floors, lots of blue and sea colors. Not so much you feel like you're in a sea food restaurant, but in a chic way. It has a little bit of a contemporary feel and the bathrooms are very cool. Check out the sinks. Go on. You need to go just for that. 

B and I got there first, another friend was meeting us but was running a little late so we started with the cilantro crab dip, one of my favorites. There are nice, big chunks of crab in it and the plantain chips it comes with are thin, crisp and salty. For the main course B decided on the goat cheese chicken and enjoyed it. Our other friend got her old standby the Market Sunflower Salad and added salmon. I debated between the trout and the short ribs and ultimately decided on the short ribs but think next time I'll go with the trout. I have to say the short ribs were the second best I've had, in line right behind Chelsea's Kitchens. For dessert our waiter brought us a slice of the stout cake with espresso frosting, pure heaven, and a piece of the blackberry bread pudding. The bread pudding was more like a steamed dumpling and was lacking in flavor though the creme anglais it came with was creamy and unctuous. The espresso frosting on the cake reminded me of penuche candy.  I wasn't too excited to get a piece of cake but it really was a nice treat.  I just ate the frosting off the back I was so full by this time. 

The Herb Box also has a beautiful patio with big windows opening to the bar and comfortable, intimate fireplaces. This is such a convenient location right in old town and steps away from the mall, I know it will become a regular place for me.",review,qABKRj1ggJmtvrL9FMFtuA,1,2,0
y0weNFCIJF9bTgBbFST86A,2009-10-05,yQXBEAERmg0rYJdkYE06hA,4,only been here twice but the food kicked ass both times!  biscuits and gravy is the way to go here.  prices are right as well.  definately recommend this joint. seems to be about a 10 minute wait to get seated.  not bad.,review,scxmg3Pu_jjpXSyFWH8-Cg,0,0,0
dBYmZ_HzQg61iZ7oeSHPiQ,2012-06-15,erK4HQD7QVrfDnuJDJEPWg,3,Sherwin is old and not very reliable but he is a really nice guy. I will give him that much. Very good optician as well,review,KtSEziHaD34ZWPGTYD28lw,0,0,0
cp39VURFby4A6u9m2It8jg,2012-08-09,Pa0j9chxMZpOhRb2A0R7DQ,5,Yummy!,review,I6KftQl6q4I7IuKV7wPR7w,0,1,0
nq2nT6PapbrISfhGxfDEwg,2012-11-25,4xqSM_YHo_swoGNc-KU1EQ,5,"My girlfriend i love, love, love this place. Excellent food, beers, and wine to enjoy on premises.   Friendly, helpful, and funny staff.  A wonderful grocery to shop from, and an amazing selection of cheese and wine.  It's a total foodie destination.  This place is fantastic.  Ahwahtukee (and Phoenix in general) needs more quality driven, food and wine centric places like this.",review,aM0LYqvjHQcx1cgihiFhRg,0,0,0
04Jrd2zSzwHwmBqdKQDmIw,2010-12-15,dAejHdhn19GmDtmqBgZ3Bw,4,"Good food for a good price.  First time I've eaten at this location but it was as good as I hoped.  I got a half size Crunch Roll for an appetizer, and an order of Chicken Yakisoba.  Both were very good.  The crunch roll was very fresh with good quality ingredients, crunchy shrimp Tempura, crab, avocado, etc.  The yakisoba wasn't quite what I thought it would be in that the noodles and meat were separate, not mixed, but that didn't affect the quality or flavor.  It was closing time and I'd only eaten half, but I packed up the rest and brought it back to my motel so the workers could finish up and go home. 

This was the fourth place I'd attempted to go to for dinner so I was especially happy to find them open.  The first place, Azucar Peruvian, was right across the street from the motel I always stay at and I'd been meaning to try them since last summer.  I drove over there to find they were now out of business with a sign up advertising the place going in next.  I snoozed, I loozed.

 The second place was supposed to be open till 8:30pm according to their Yelp listing, but was closed when I got there a  few minutes after 8.

The third place, Omega Gyros, highly recommended on Yelp, was also out of business.  FML. 

So when I got to Yogi's I was holding my breath till I saw they were open till nine.  Thank you Yogi's!",review,TQ5eVGOFr_qB5_BbEd3Sow,1,1,0
WUZxVr_CaRqEQgzvyeK5tw,2011-07-18,yPvIP_1TOgNgQaRF_UahjA,2,"Cheap. Cheap. Cheap. Everything here is disposable, from the furniture to the linens to silverware. (Silverware rusted after one cycle in the dishwasher!).  So if you like to redecorate often and have a minimal budget this place is for you. 

As far as their food, I've only had a cinnamon roll here and it was stale. Bummer.

My biggest annoyance here are the people who seem to be beached out on all the couches/beds/chairs. Don't you have homes?",review,GPPHDWEZGjiw777_iTOJ1w,0,0,2
Exx5ffvnmk4MrTyCkPRuug,2012-08-18,pyqo0N3PT5lK4lxskQhMBg,2,Service here is unfriendly at best ( i sat in the bar)menu both lunch and regular boring .chips ok salsa served in a small caraf which makes it inconvienent  to get salsa to chip. food was ok some of the chicken in my taco was dry do to the 8 million degree oven they put it in before serving to you . this place is a true tourist/youngen scottsdale hipsters joint,review,kJyR4gT1pfCcNjEY9-YMoQ,0,0,0
0UZ31UTcOLRKuqPqPe-VBA,2011-04-17,--QCUEmDBlipC_CEutGVFA,4,"Went there for two games back to back days. The first was a night game and they had the roof open. The temp. inside was great and made for a real enjoyable evening. During the game was able to watch a 747 fly overhead, very surreal. 

During the day game they had the roof closed to keep the AZ sun and heat out. I personally thought it was a little warm inside even though they announced it was about 74 degrees, not sure if that was accurate or not. I know AZ spend loads of money on the AC, but I wasn't impressed.

Overall the place is nice and all the amenities are very close by. I had sections 112 and 109 and both offered great views of the field and visitors bullpen. The service at the concession stands is great and the lines move by pretty quickly. 

Still not the #1 stadium in the MLB.",review,hrzD6KL1x4k_wT9zWwRUoA,0,0,0
wQXqj3GTHsF3AcWB3LTxMQ,2011-06-18,S37cePjhYgk_yAGHmadRYQ,5,"I love Honey Bear's!  I've been visiting their restaurants for years.  I've been to the one on Van Buran, the one on Central and this one in Tempe.  They have the runniest sauce on earth but dang it tastes great!  I love the pulled pork sandwiches but not the long lines at lunch.  When I went after 1pm in the afternoon I stood in a line of one - me.",review,WQFJ8_V1lao4oZ_FKbk5Zg,0,0,0
uECIvsUWlDWSiJ9jAfH_kQ,2011-10-20,oODLUnGtP6jbXHr_0gI8JA,4,"VERY FRIENDLY staff.  In fact, at times they seemed to be just a bit too friendly.  I get that they train their employee's to greet every guest, but everytime you see an employee, or make eye contact, they are either welcomeing you to the place, or asking how everything is going.  It was a bit of an overkill.  And the place is loud. Very Loud.  So loud it is hard to hear your table companions.  And every so often, the music would go up a little louder, and all the employees would stop making sure every single customer felt welcome and aprreciated all the time, and they all did a cute little line dance.Other than that, the place is great.  Nice atmosphere, great peanuts.

The food is reasonably priced and so very tasty.  I am sure they know this, because they are constantly asking how your meal is.  Well, not constantly, but pretty darn close.  I had the T-Bone smothered in Mushrooms, and it was cooked to perfection.  The rice side dish was a little sticky and over-cooked, but other than that, the food was an 9 out of ten.  

After we paid the bill and started to the door, again the service was overwhelming when no less than four seperate employess thanked us for coming and hoped we enjoyed our meal.  The place was packed, but still seemed a little over staffed.  I do like to feel welcome in a resturant, but not every time I turn around.  Still, I think I will be returning for a good, resonably priced meal.",review,owposE-EYZZlbzEhMvTVvQ,0,0,2
NA3tQYxR6Fq5O8nV6u41Tw,2011-10-04,0XQNmyxaBbZ_2M9AGA8RrQ,5,My favorite place in the world to eat! Great service and awesome food!,review,JRkqD8JvtQATNTTv6UI7RA,0,0,0
sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw,2010-04-07,nW0bT4oCSeFdfJggs9cqVQ,5,"Love this place! I went with my Grandma and Aunt on a Thursday afternoon. The weather was great but just a tad windy so we sat inside. First I like the layout of this place, very open and airy. There are 2 outside patios one street level and then one upstairs. I actually have been here twice so far. First time was just for a mid afternoon cocktail with one of my stylists. The servers were very friendly and our concoction of vodka, grapefruit and cranberry juice was the perfect blend. 
The second time we ordered 3 small plates to share, ahi tacos, artichoke and spinach dip and the mussels. All three were heavenly and very reasonably priced. The ahi was fresh and chilled, perfect for a warm day. The artichoke dip was different than any I have had before, gooey cheesy goodness that we gobbled up practically licking the bowl. The chips that accompanied the did were fresh and perfectly salted, even when the dip was done we still polished off the chips. The mussels were in a perfect white wine sauce but the stars of this dish were the mussels themselves. Buttery and melt in your mouth good, not chewy at all with no grit, to most common problem I find. The broth was so good I let the bread marinate at the bottom of the bowl, soaking up the juice. My martini was a generous pour and even though they were out of blue cheese stuff olives the bartender took the time to stuff some and deliver it to our table. 
Now on to the staff, all are a good looking lot but they are also skilled. All of our food and drinks were delivered in a timely manner by our lovely server Jennifer. We also met one of the sous chefs, Lennie. A charming fellow with stunning blue eyes, my grandmother remarked on them, a playful Mohawk and tattoos peaking out of his uniform. He swears that the sweet potato fries are some of the best in town and sent over a complimentary bucket. I do believe he is right, cooked to perfection, slightly crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside dusted with fresh herbs and I believe Parmesan cheese. After our meal the manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking. 
RnR is another great place within walking distance from my salon and I am looking forward to trying everything on their menu. If all the items are as wonderful as the first 3 I tried I am in for a treat!",review,am9yAm4Ph7yk81sFkHlxig,3,6,2
8gJ-0SrGeUcRXgqZtrYLDg,2012-04-01,1NnqnOiV_totNbpK0YA-gw,4,"Not much to write here. I always park on the Sears (upper level) side when I visit Chandler mall. My last visit to the mall, I ended up buying a luggage set on sale at Sears. The cashier was helpful and even checked to see if all four pieces were present (I didn't even think to, LOL). Four stars. No negative feedback to report.",review,k5bDN0HquYYiScd5Tz41Pg,0,0,0
17DI33J8TkcfzyoiIYLQIw,2010-07-09,GATwM7Io5fIu6yS8SgNYpw,4,"I eat here at least once every week since it's close to my office, and they are always quick, tasty and reasonably priced.   I usually get one of the lunch specials (even the Chinese-sounding dishes have a Thai flair, especially if you order them with extra spice), but if you're hungry the house special chicken is well worth the extra buck, as are the Thai noodle dishes (the pad see ew is my favorite).  

The wait staff is always friendly, the food is always quick, good and reasonably priced.  i haven't had a bad experience in several dozen visits, and i'll continue to call myself a regular.",review,EQcq4HOhvBiHGC0B0cUQuw,0,0,0
BM0-dgPJMBMmcmO9PVCJfQ,2009-07-14,sM822wQ4ioyojCZjKVKXIw,5,"This is one of my favorite places to eat when I get back to town.  Their beans are the best I've had.  Their tacos are made of shredded beef and fried with the fillings inside.  This makes the best product.  All of you lucky enough to live in the state don't realize how lucky you are to have this treat!  I'm usually not an enchilada fan, but you have to try one here.

Some of the reviews comment on decor.  While it is true the place is a little shabby and the salsa comes in squeeze bottles, I would much rather have their cheap prices than fine china.  And that salsa, I really would be tempted to steal one of those bottles, but then I'd have to check it in my bag to go back home!",review,0cOh3F2ZwS-lsD5WatDIKg,0,1,0
mBDhy9j4qwKRnf4h8UQnrQ,2012-02-01,FSWymg72OB1kmbHKQMVUhw,4,"First time here--glad we came!  Free chips and salsa (always a great start to a Mexican meal!).  Hubby and I split the chicken fajitas, which were very tasty!  Good-sized portion with lots of red bell peppers, which we like. Served with side of rice and beans, guac, sour cream, and pico de gallo.  We each ate our fill and still had enough for a take-home 'fajita burrito' :D",review,ky8uh65re8HtVTb8QmF_gg,0,0,0
xHI3saK0sAJEHeMK4IGVvg,2011-11-18,VuQKgYYoW1XbO5xe5247Qw,5,"The line was ridiculous.  The price is kind of steep for what it is.  The dog is kind of messy because of the way it's made.  But you know what?  I enjoyed it in a way I haven't enjoyed a hot dog in years!  Wow, that sounds kind of dirty.  This really is a unique take on one of the most common American foods.

I passed through the sea of trucks and people that is Food Truck Fridays on a mission to finally try the much yelped about Short Leash Dogs.  I can't say much too much that hasn't already been said.  While the 20 minute wait wasn't too thrilling, it all paid off in the end.  I just went with a traditional wiener, with tomatoes, onion, relish and spicy mustard.  While I was intrigued to try some of Short Leash Dog's specialties, most of the dogs on today's menu contained an item or two that I don't really like, and I wanted to compare Short Leash Dogs to what I am accustomed to the first time around.  Good sausage, good toppings and the flat bread is fantastic. 

I would happily join Lindsey F. by tying my leash to the cart and following them around town.  And I didn't even know that I still enjoyed hot dogs that much without a beer and a game!",review,thdVzCfKx-DV0zYWqId3pw,0,1,0
KIgkwPEOxbfdeCk0ltycOQ,2010-08-18,_5lklZiJONNBSG2cgOvx2g,2,"In a word -- Blah.  It's a chain so I didn't expect much, and in this case my expectations were correct. I ordered the shrimp tacos were alright, but nothing to write home about.  My take is that the food is mediocre and overpriced.  Plus the service was sub-par; we waited over 15 minutes to get our drinks refilled and when we asked for separate checks the server grumbled about it.  Believe me, there is better, cheaper, and more authentic Mexican food in Arizona.",review,7tA04v45dzG8tADZGLrCzA,0,1,0
QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw,2012-07-30,305sgj9i1yPW93-IuXtrCw,4,"I went here for my sister's birthday as a new place to try after hearing about it on the Food Network channel. The vibe of the place is really special and unique, feels like you're at a private farm. The food was amazing!! I decided to order a salad just so I could sample all the home grown veggies from the farm. The strawberry lemonade was also top notch and came in a very large cup! After lunch, we walked around the fields and visited the coffee shop next door. The only negatives for me was the really long wait time (almost an hour) at 2pm in the afternoon on a weekday and how far of a drive it was for me. Overall, great experience...would go back!",review,cBJqlNzyoJFak3_XRe2bvw,0,0,0
wftoNIA0Q8nX-Da47psBCA,2012-05-11,dFbdAtBkk6C7JBe0YWQStA,4,"I was quite impressed very charming and kinda romantic to have a nice lunch , The service was friendly and attentive the lunch specials were good too ! The only disapointing thing is there is no soda fountain but other than that it's all good the pasties were very tasty and I look forward to going back soon.",review,slBhRBWNIb4mjcLy8LLkLQ,0,0,0
bhtt6q5W4oi-dpWz9skvJw,2008-04-08,pc1sOnsTiSNAKE5STZKJkg,5,"The staff is friendly and knowledgable and the sales on stationary are always welcome.  Lots of specialty papers to purchase by the sheet or in packs of 25 or 50, with matching envelopes.  Oh so easy to give just the right touch to my correspondance.

Even when they are swamped with business the staff is always ready to lend a hand or help with a jammed machine.

When my puter is down I rent one of theirs for just $10 and hour with printing priveleges.",review,fcvP-cuAN_h3Xu_uQOJDLw,1,2,0
4AKcmN--0hbF0kX9pg8scg,2007-05-23,YOLAOVywdGyhclFTVlUnEA,4,"The Chuck Box is dark. Very dark. Even in the day time it feels like night in that place. This doesn't help when it comes time to put condiments on one's burger. I am skeptical as to how well the condiment bar looks in good light, which may explain the choice of lighting. Still, grinning and bearing it, I load up my veggie burger with appropriate toppings and, usually with fried zucchini in hand make my way to one of the very uncomfortable seats.

Every time I go to the Chuck Box I feel as if there is going to be something wrong with the food, and this something is being concealed from me by the lack of lighting. Yet, each time I go I have a delicious veggie burger or grilled chicken sandwich. My friends have also enjoyed ""real"" burgers there as well. 

Maybe it's best they keep the lights dim, but the food tastes so good there may be nothing to fear after all.",review,cB30-Og37dzCWFCFzI_ChQ,2,3,3
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2009-01-25,3Xt-hVsaNFV6w0hj8qegvA,4,"The pork chop & eggs w/ home fries is out of control.  I feel the same way about this place as I do Roscoe's.... you don't go for an egg white omelet, you go to just enjoy yourself & eat some food that your grandparents used to make the old school way, butter & grease.  Just too darn good to pass up.",review,f8wOEYCAINZqDM8ddJ7u6A,2,2,2
duHUQFn7K-Ybs1rPI4AOEQ,2009-09-13,KrSNzXWa2OlicxprnLn0hw,5,"I went to Z Tejas with a bunch of people (about 25) last night.  We had a great experience from start to finish.  

At the beginning my lady and I were early so the waiter got us our drinks and continued to make sure we were good to go.  We wanted to wait for our friends so food wasn't necessary at this time, but the drinks were flowing and the waiter (Jeff) was very cool, friendly, and down to earth.  

All of our friends showed up and we let the good times roll.  Chips and salsa, drinks, water, and the delicious cornbread, they all came very fast and it didn't take any begging on our part.  

I got a chicken dish which was really good, I stuffed myself silly.  My lady got a side salad which was huge, she couldn't even finish it and she said it was really good.  Oh! and the food came fast by the way (surprising when you have 25 people.

The overall vibe of the place is really cool, very trendy and fancy but reasonable prices.  Big screens everywhere, gotta love that since there were some great College FB games on last night.  

Great experience, thanks Jeff & Z Tejas.",review,sljlQDKEhsHDt9Mx5B2b9A,0,2,0
vwZ15OkVO6PemAe87k0M-Q,2012-03-28,Gh4LL78dmwCaFbzALyZm1g,4,"Unpretentious in Scottsdale?  There are only a couple of places that can achieve this in my book, and Mabel's is one of them.  I had been wanting to go here, but just never got around to it.  So when a friend was in town for work mid-week, we went to Mabel's for a drink on a Wednesday evening.  The place was pretty empty, but the drinks were good and the staff was nice.  The atmsophere is very swanky, with plush furniture, pictures/paintings of naked women on the walls, and ads for Mad Men.  I would love to go back on a hot night to check out the food and the crowd.",review,EJkV29QY_oHwSngQiTj2rQ,0,1,0
W6624iddi14DsGokORyzcA,2012-10-12,dNuLDz9ro9ywQggtle0g4A,5,"Amazing food. I wasn't so sure about Indian food, as visiting this place was my first time at both the restaurant and the food itself. I had the Chicken Tikki Marsala and it was fantastic. I can't wait to go back!",review,aLTl_OkLo0BFRxdz1n6sYA,0,0,0
QxpX4slDIOGFEHlPV4mrSw,2011-12-18,PU_5X8kQwfbPis--kqsTFA,5,"This is a great little authentic Mexican restaurant - don't let the looks fool you, it is delicious!  I had the Tampiquena, it is one of the best I have had.  Highly recommended",review,llumwWva2EnHI7Dp95pcxw,0,1,0
MqnlCLq3b34Lq1Y7j7NY_Q,2011-07-17,4a9bqKsAGo2qmu6vqPEYgw,4,"Being the pho addict that I am,I'm always on the lookout for a new place to satisfy the craving.This place was called Tu Do for a long time.It was a
place that never seemed crowded,with an older Vietnamese lady as the
only cook.The place was run down and the service indifferent ( I know these traits are not uncommon in Vietnamese restaurants).Then it was
called The Ritz for a while,with a remodeled interior but with the same lady doing the cooking.Now,the restaurant has new ownership,a local Vietnamese family,and it's a whole new ball game.
  I ordered my usual pho tai bo vien with goi coun (spring rolls) as an
appetizer.I'd give the soup a thumbs up.The broth was well balanced,
a bit on the oily side (that's not a bad thing for me),not the strongest nor
the weakest in town.The basil was fresh,the meat was of good quality and quantity.They didn't skimp on the noodles.On the down side,they
use those meatballs that have a more rubbery texture than most,and they only give you 3 of them (4 is the norm).Overall it was a good bowl of pho,but it's not going to unseat Maxim or Khai Hoan as my favorites in metro Phoenix.The spring rolls were above average,with no shortage of shrimp,and peanut sauce that tastes like peanuts,not hosin. 
 The service is much more attentive now,and these folks seem eager to
please.Also worth mention is that Phuong Dong is inexpensive.Not quite
Pho Thanh and Da Vang cheap,but pretty close.Another good thing is that
they are open very late on friday  and saturday, 1:00am! Late night pho fix!
They also serve beer.
 I like this place,I'm looking forward to trying the Canh Chua Tom.I hope they succeed.",review,z-qiYL3dTVpTN4tLFJSgRQ,0,2,0
M6fjHpkL9IRI-nI0BattRw,2010-02-27,FZ7xvRhs2ttO6-E0ALUguQ,4,"Enjoyed lunch at the bar with my wife while on vacation.  The bartender was one of the owners, the wife half who works a full time job elsewhere and the rest of her free time at the restaurant.

Nice beer selection, just the right size floor plan with great outdoor space, and you could feel the care the new owners put into the place.

Great neighborhood cafe.",review,8oY8gmr4NYwHgiYjTjh7Rw,0,1,0
v91laC9hHODn2WcN_PLE9A,2012-05-14,nJzTOQuDPnQsV4Utja0jFw,4,"Its a Wal-Mart, with a subway inside.",review,HJLwvRnK22elM2vA4C4XtQ,0,1,1
53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ,2012-03-31,0slgYyr8Yw8m6HcZskjLFw,5,Great food!  Great atmosphere! Great service.  Definitely recommend!!,review,s_dCojY_rhGDmMQBLYTkag,0,1,0
VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA,2012-09-06,NDJ8gaQzCNJ0WO85LCyGsA,3,"Was craving something different tried this place recommended by a friend. Was impressed with the lasagna. 30 min wait well worth it. 

Service was ok food pretty good",review,TriKet4yZ84pZjHnp5llKg,0,0,0
XF4Tm-FcppqQZOXmpwd1iQ,2012-02-17,6H7QuV5u3hYBb7kHO77v0w,5,"This is a dangerous place for me. I could seriously do my bank account some damage as I love love love this store! The candles are the best anywhere. They burn very clean and the fragrance lasts until they burn out. I just bought the kumquat scented candles and they smell delish. There's so many cool home furnishings here as well, unique non-mainstream stuff that's fairly reasonable in $$. I've actually got my eye on this really cool apothecary cabinet... purchasing it may be in my very near future!",review,125BWA95-0GR2tIQDZ23dQ,0,0,0
hh2lP4_2N-tk_OxmaTf_qA,2012-01-18,tn8G7HV5WYDlG0d-xXVWrg,4,"Delish! We drove around looking for a good steak without a wait and ended up at the Phoenician. With the restaurant concept by Jean Georges, we knew we were in for a treat. 

The only reasons I'm giving 4 stars are two-fold:

The shrimp cocktail was overpriced - $18 for 5 shrimp? C'mon...yummy but lame.

And

The desert menu is seriously lacking - I was expecting to see at least one amazing thing and they were all boring: cake, apple fritter, cheesecake, gelato...boring!!

Other than that, everything was amazing. I'm getting over a cold and they brought me out my own tea kettle which sat next to the table and stayed hot for two hours. And the finishing salt they provided in a tiny bowl was a great touch!

Order a steak, it'll be cooked perfectly with a great crust on it. Have them bring all the sauces too; their bernaise is ridiculously fluffy - they infuse it with liquid nitrogen!!  And the beurre blanc is perfect and delicate.

YUM (PS, if you get Mercedes as your server, you're in for a treat! She's amazing!)",review,AslaCd9aCdWnlMFFheTVBg,0,0,0
luCSjoNQ9q_0QIjKKOy2pQ,2011-10-12,dvUS8HhPCO0lPFn5M4n9HA,5,"The consummate beer bar.  Great selection, knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons.  What more can you want from a drinking establishment?  The food is good too.",review,BoQ6RqL4aLny75aBqrODUg,0,1,0
mxrXVZWc6PWk81gvOVNOUw,2009-09-28,2C9TM-fD3PuRviN-WwzxcQ,4,"a great place to spend an evening that has the taste of fine dining, but the feel of casual...the waitress was great...always one step ahead of us.....the desserts were wonderful and they comp'd the birthday dessert....
the portions were just right...even took some home for the next day....
we will be back....",review,B9HOtucux0SS0mY3R9uViA,0,0,0
ZRJwVLyzEJq1VAihDhYiow,2011-06-02,vE1ZUN_folRLOxvFnUFXNA,3,"Spinato's has great red sauce for the pasta but I prefer a more earthy pizza. High School kids love it though. 
This restaurant was a Chili's before, but they have remodeled and did a fabulous job. The take out door is discrete and the bar area is large and comfortable. 
Food portions are quite big and they have a nice selection on the menu.",review,CcdJ_VhU_zqe2fL7G3eXug,0,0,0
SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g,2009-11-14,HNSTzgYI1lZuFwwCpFI6fg,4,Their Bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing.,review,z2ugesAundnFE1BU66qpww,0,0,0
VUkQrhwFxVnD1rIOmM37cQ,2012-04-14,nqdSaj3jzAI4_eItVDKyPw,5,Service at this location is superb and worth the wait when they are busy. Price and selection are awesome too!,review,tu0ulicth-HaZtG6XmnO5w,0,1,0
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA,2010-03-11,bNU66r2lUz7hiXiD1TP9Og,4,"I came here for the first time on a rainy Tuesday afternoon for lunch with a great friend I hadn't seen in 6 months.  Our server who was cute as a button picked up our ""we are not in a hurry vibe"" right away.  We ordered a bottle of wine, fairly priced and loved the added touch of a chilled wine glass.  Our food was very good but no real risk was taken. We shared the fish and shrimp tacos which were flavorful but I had to add some hot sauce to give it a little bite.  The beans and white rice were a simple filler, nothing more.  The menu looked interesting and the prices were fair so I would definately try it again.
There were only 2 things that I found disapointing, first was after we ate I ordered a martini, one from their menu, it was fruity and you couldn't taste the alcohol at all.  The problem was it was served in a very small martini glass and I feel when you are going to make a fruity concoction and call in a martini the glass should be bigger, not the James Bond shaken not stirred size.
Second problem, as we were eating a woman came and sat at the table right by the restrooms and plugged her computer into an outlet that made the cord block the restroom door.  Now my companion and I couldn't decide if she worked there or not, she never ordered food and wasn't there long.  But just the fact that the cord blocked the door and could have been hazardous really bothered me.
Overall though I give the place a B+",review,am9yAm4Ph7yk81sFkHlxig,1,2,0
rN-rVMF0yFEukpSx6Go3XQ,2010-10-29,cIcl6vPkVcrHYQLC-ZsxEw,5,"I have played this course two times now.  From the moment you pull up, you feel like you are at a private course.  The staff is very friendly and professional.  The views are breathtaking and both times I have played, the course has been in impecable shape!  

The course is challenging, but still enjoyable.  Lots of holes that are down hill (great for long tee shots!).  This is one of my favorite courses in the area!",review,nGQPhL4XtvlMxgwIIT5knA,0,0,0
OEQMqI-duBA1gbBFzi7BPw,2011-12-09,dlOtbioiF6Ol4wMx5-UIig,4,"This one is consistent every time I come to this restaurant.
Good flavor, good service. 
On occasion the fixings selection is a little ""off"". Brown lettuce and those tasteless winter tomatoes. But the good thing about a burger is that they are still good wiht just the basics.",review,xfX5LfEnBUWb8iL3B4VqHg,0,2,0
jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA,2012-11-17,jfD7x90uq5nZIcxm7RdZVw,5,"I liked this place. The reviews show low stars but I liked it. I was there for happy hour so go at that time. The pricing is good. I don't know about dinner, but happy hour is cool.  Servers were chill.  Host was a bit stuck up. Not sure why she though she was that great. But the place is cool. I recommend people check it out if they want to try a sushi place on the Mill ave when you are in town visiting Tempe.",review,n9Nl4sE7QPpgoo_f2q2viw,0,0,0
NN2qs5B713vM6BDcMyrg4A,2010-02-16,-1MFWd_8--J9SL0dkNKmFQ,3,Had breakfast this morning while waiting on getting my windows on my car tinted. I had the build your own omelete. I got it with chorizo bell peppers and cheddar cheese. It was pretty good and the portion size was big for the price. They had fresh squeezed orange juice too. Not the best breakfast I've had but it was good.,review,Iycf9KNRhxvR187Qu2zZHg,3,3,1
jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA,2011-09-18,Jv_fTJmAZGMqfT91sEVWJQ,1,"My g/f love sushi! She made me a connosiuer of it. and I have to be critical. So many college kids ""love"" RA, but it's mediocre at best.

I'll just list a few things that irk me:
I went during a happy hour with co-workers. It was PACKED. Good thing, right? WRONG!
Extremely poor service. when I went in to meet coworkers who already had a table the hostess told me I have to wait. When I said I have a table, she got in my face. I was tired, long-day and I wanted to chill. I walked past her, found my friends, and she left me alone.
The waitress took quite a bit of time to get around to my table, and the sushi servings were OBVIOUSLY LOW!
I went to Zen 32, and now my choice is SakeBomber. their happy hour servings are much more than RA, and their prices are BETTER!

Be ready for loud noises, as every one is trying to talk louder than the music, and the person next to them.

Just an overall poor experience. and I tip on service. 

Food quality was so-so. Just don't go during a happy hour, which is the only time it's worth it because it's priced so high.",review,hEhSTtxy6JOCa-HPAsxTCg,0,1,0
CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ,2010-03-07,0o59nVqoohULIK4N22Yr-w,3,"Jason B. and I decided to try this place on Saturday night. I looked at the menu online and though the food sounded really interesting.

We started with the Artichoke Croquettes, and the Calamari as well. We were disappointed in the Artichoke Croquettes, you get 4 half Artichokes fried with alternating Marinara and this white sauce. The only thing that was good about this dish was the white sauce, which we used to dip the Calamari in. The Calamari was your average calamari, nothing special! 

I ordered a the 19th Street Burger, which was cooked perfectly and came with a spicy sauce, not sure if the sauce was for the Onion Rings, but it was great of the Burger.

Not sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill, but I wouldn't say no to going back again!",review,L3XWX_dd8_pYnRSMdppjDg,0,0,0
0a8hLC1V7jgOjRigoBohAg,2011-06-19,GOpzaChUxidCg12Kfxi4Uw,4,"This park is fun for anyone. They have attractions for anything you are in the mood for. They have a full water-park, arcade,  go-karts, bumper boats, mini golf, etc. It is a fun place to hang out with your friends. Depending on what you are planning to do, the prices vary. Go-Karts are $5, Golfing is $7.70 (don't play the last hole, keep your ball, and go to the next course), arcade is addicting!",review,LlvlJT053ZS6ozDjkmbnjQ,0,1,0
ohxd8La86GdC_3vgwBWLHA,2012-03-15,XjoDHzsH91lmIy3540VfbA,4,Great place for shows. Excellent place for everyone.,review,XLah_ynCwwYshCY9jc13tw,0,1,0
QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw,2011-07-21,C1gBmwTeT2X7PN-rRxZXgQ,4,"I was contacted by the manger at this location cause of my bad review, I am really for proactive owners. I really need to go back to this location to give them another try since the first time I went there it was really good. I was given a gift card to wipe out what I paid for the last meal as kinda of do over. I will be back Anthony and I will let you know how my next visit is.",review,0Jlviq1YD76N-WK_GUeDMw,0,0,0
ybXlbfOjrKDdz5NoC-G9Gw,2009-07-18,zlR8UR3P-n-CfJb7QbLYTg,4,"I've been a Char's patron since before we were legal to be in there (many years ago, previous owners). It has always been a lively place with a diverse crowd of aging black hep-cats, college students, bikers, tweakers, college students, heavy middle aged white women who love black men, the ocassional tranny and Hispanic couples on dates with a sprinkling of occasional stippers/hookers. In other words - everything you would want to make a blues bar entertaining and just seedy enough to be interesting. 

They are one of the only places in Central Phoenix with live music almost every night of the week and the cover, if any, is typically only a couple of bucks. The place is small and dark and crowded, like a blues bar in an old converted house should be. Talent varies by night but anytime you go it's passable. Personal favorites are lady J and Bam Bam and any combination thereof, which is what you usually get any way. Wander in on a random Monday night and 11:30 and you will find music, cruising, and drinks waiting. There is a small enclosed patio up front for smoking, about 16 spaces in their lot and street parking available on the residential street, but watch the signs and don't block driveways. You can also cross 7th Ave, but be careful dodging cars. The neighborhood looks scarier than it is so don't be alarmed by a transient or two wandering down the street but they don't bite unless you pay extra. Close to lite rail as well in case sneaker pimps want to try to cross over from Central, but hopefully they won't.",review,LB7HoDg61yWP2CjrueeJUQ,2,1,1
8Fx-K9dIZz_buBZcEvkeRw,2012-04-23,_M9-oOxWziafPtvjLKfr0g,3,"My gang usually stumble in her at some point during our nights out and about in Old Town.  They have a decent selection of beers on tap and there are usually a couple tables open if you want to sit down. It's a bar, not a club, so don't expect much.  They have servers that are polite and prompt and the wait at the bar isn't usually very long.  
Worth a stop to support a local biz.",review,xdl61MWMguYRSunH8CniQw,0,1,1
AaKlegu7gmOCD4rEESF76Q,2012-06-27,WKG7V6MbL7c8D0Fv0Y6jbw,4,"I really like Maizie's, but unfortunately will not get to go as often anymore. I hate to report that after our last visit, my husband received a bad bout of food poisoning. It was, in fact, his first time puking in approximately 10 years. It was not pleasant for him and it was not pleasant for me. For that reason, I guess I'm going to have to drop one star from my previous review. 

The thing is, I really love Maizie's. I love their menu and I love their atmosphere. Unfortunately, the portobello sandwich...or maybe it was the cottage cheese...just doesn't love my husband and that means I don't get to visit quite as often.  :(",review,TA6CcCUag4lftPJDuhhFuw,0,2,0
hW0Ne_HTHEAgGF1rAdmR-g,2010-11-22,bQgDV8P5CX3KbsWk7OrS2w,4,"I always connect here because I fly US Airways from Las Vegas.  But everytime I have a stop over here, other than a major back track to the Bay Area, I don't really mind coming here because it's a well maintained airport. It might look old but it is always clean. 

I'm only here about 1 or 2 hours at a time but I can't help but notice all these restaurants in here, if you're hungry and don't mind 'airport prices', never fear selection is here.  

Also be prepared to walk close to a mile to your connecting flight.  There's LONG hallways here. Don't worry, they have standing walking escalators.",review,IgXUM_WyCgqyzA01mN5HKg,0,0,0
glalhJa7wFWPIoJLBvKGfQ,2012-08-19,2_RWlYAT9pEedFknTGh4zA,3,"Really solid lunch deals and pretty close to Tex-Mex which I still get cravings for from time to time. I had the spinach chicken enchiladas and they were nice. It was a ton of food (of course) so we definitely needed boxes for leftovers. If you're in the neighborhood, it's a solid deal and I'd stop in again. My only wish is that they did a green sauce with the spinach chicken enchiladas. That would be heaven.",review,qRo9gHN5OiV1-peDuhCh-g,0,0,0
0rd-jRz43JDkx1ghoHnEXQ,2010-02-21,xXbfPT5hRkjPcFeTnRDtyQ,3,"Alison B. sums up all the great things about this unique store - and I would return if I was looking for a unique gift for any female friends of mine.

However, when I went in on a Sunday I was 1 of 4 women in the store.  The man working was chatting it up with the 3 other women who turned out to be together, and once they left he had a seat and didn't say a word to me as I browsed.  I walked out after several minutes of silence.",review,lwppVF0Yqkuwt-xaEuugqw,1,2,0
Iu8jmmDFcDSf5PCdor1dvg,2012-12-12,FCAvAcMAj-VIGtzg2YdyKw,5,I love this gym! Everyone is so helpful and friendly. The gym has a TON of equipment and is always very well kept and clean. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else. I feel very well connected to all of the staff - they even know me by name! The trainers are extremely helpful also. I would recommend this gym to anyone and everyone!,review,Pc6oM1OHdl82PUoumiPzmw,2,3,1
ahKN6wh6z2vZsd8C7AyG5A,2010-04-25,5-xqg_2KpZ4Um2hVvBUQiA,2,"I came in here wanting and expecting this place to be amazing.  I wanted this place to be 5 stars. ugh, I feel like a failure for giving it 2.  I've heard such good things about this place, and was expecting it to be good, but unfortunately, it was not.  :-(

I walked in and placed my order.   The menu seems to be decent enough, with a fair amount of selection.  Ample amounts of toppings, and you can have your burger a few different ways. Mind you, I'm a burger lover, so I'm always up for places like this.

I ordered a regular burger with all the fixings and BBQ sauce on top.  I got the fries too.  It came in a brown bag..I guess thats how they serve it regardless if you eat in or not.

I was dissappointed with the burger itself.  It seemed like it came with way to much topping. I mean, like an overwhelming amount.  I ate it, and the burger was okay, but not as good as I have experienced at other comparable places.  I wasn't looking to be ""blown away"" by the burger, but I wasn't really impressed over all.  It wasn't that great, to much on the toppings, and it didnt really do much for me.  I will say tho, you get a TON of fries tho.

I left feeling underwhelmed, and don't know that I will be back in the future.",review,JffajLV-Dnn-eGYgdXDxFg,5,5,3
E28ht8IEiO6FZbKktSo0Xw,2005-07-10,ZLV71s7RzywyPiBT-6TIKQ,3,"You're in 120 degree Scottsdale weather and you need a casual change of clothes, a bite to eat, and a refreshing adult beverage; Tommy Bahama can do it all under one roof. A retail clothier on the bottom floor and a decent, predictable place to eat and drink upstairs...ok, I'll work with you Tommy. There is nothing special about this place except I found their service in both their retail space and restaurant superb. Try their grilled crab cakes and their twice shaken martini.",review,VxRPbgauDdOcA3eg1uazXA,2,2,0
Ddsln32r-uA7hq_0ksaNZA,2012-01-02,egZX_g3cRLcu-Mmnp9gL3w,5,Kick @$$ The Best of the bertos & they will make anything you want_!! Carne Asada with Sausage & Ham........Wow..,review,_hCoELWb_ERmEhR_ZJdgPw,0,1,0
SiwN7f0N4bs4ZtPc4yPgiA,2007-09-27,bTnuFjPsj-LgB2FYwtkWow,3,"I've only ever been here for Transylvania which is their Friday night Gothic Industrial night.  It's acceptable.  I have high standards.  Sometimes the music is really good.  Sometimes it sucks.  They have 2 DJs and I can always tell when the switch from the one whose tastes I enjoy to the one whose tastes I don't.  If you're looking for Death Bunnis, Razor Grrls, Baby Bats or *sigh* Suicide Girls, you'll find a few of them here.  There are a lot of regulars and I usually have a good time, unless of course I don't.  The people there have all been fairly nice.

The drinks are nothing special.  They aren't terrible, they just aren't terribly consistent.  If you need to get wasted, get some shots poured. At least that way you know what you're getting.

So when you need to strap on your boots, wear your eyeliner, and shake your ass, give it a shot.",review,hvgYD6Pmyaa6hS39ymIQBQ,2,1,1
RdzsxC8Q3ybBcJohpywSwQ,2008-07-02,mR4_8Z80PDCV9tER2IPGWA,5,"I love this place! It first caught my eye driving to work.  Their logo includes a shazzam lighting bolt which is rad if your into comics. I went in the place and they had comic art on the walls. The staff made some suggestions of what I should try. I got the slider pizza - (kinda like a cheese burger pizza) they actually used a little brown mustard on top. Anyway it was delicious. I can't get over the helpful staff though. It is very rare that I get that kind of service at a pizza joint.

Any way every time I have visited the place there has been no patrons and it breaks my heart because that is a good sign that it isn't going to be around long. 

If you get the change PLEASE check this place out.",review,y__MQ0huPNC4qarwMD8GlQ,2,0,1
TpQMR-JFE5V0UPzTjjuwFQ,2010-11-14,rKP6Yx2EtmriMzAvRvUiug,4,"Yummy!  We would go to Canter's in LA before I moved out here so this is a good comparable Pastrami Sandwich.  Very close to where we live which is great.  Prices are fine, a bit pricey, but oh well.  Overall, thumbs up!",review,ZyntP_awJOJHiXVoiJlHvg,0,0,0
SBCxhkeiaXdjXECeFn-mtw,2008-07-15,0gNZ235FAIUyBYlyYsRLBg,4,"I have confirmed the rumors that Big Wong will be closing before the end of the year. The owners have been locked in to a lease they assumed for the last 15 years and with the down-turning economy aren't able to continue.

If you want a very reliable meal in a super friendly environment, rush on over before they close their doors forever.  : (",review,iwWBF3nKoRMoy1sbkLJwvg,0,2,0
_oQN89kF_d97-cWW0iO8_g,2010-02-24,XDXj0aeWoG6wp7xiFP_zrA,4,"Agree with everyone on here, this is some really good food.  Very laid back un-asuming place inside another strip mall on Bell Road.  Ah what treasures lie hidden in a strip mall....

We were greeted by a friendly young man who took our order right away, I ordered, well I don't quite remember the name,  but it was steak pieces with french fries and onions, and rice.  I was fooled by the mild salsa that came with the chips and said, ""hey can you make my dish spicy?""  The server said no problem, and while the dish was very fresh, my mouth was on fire, and I touched  my eye and it was like pepper spray or something.  I love hot food, I can eat Los Dos Molinos Abogado ribs for example with little problem, but this stuff kicked my butt!!  It had little red peppers in it that I have never experienced before. HOT!!  I kept remembering Deb's review:""....this is not Mexican food...."".  No kidding, next time I will get it milder.  My eye burns still.....

Wife got a milder flat pan steak dish with lentils and rice.  She praised its freshness.  We also split a red beef tamale (they were only like $2) so it was just a sample but decent.

They only have 6 tables in there!  And they had to change their name due to copyright infringement from a restaurant  in Texas according to the young man.  Either way, we will be back for sure.  Good stuff!!  Something tells me there is more burn to come, perhaps tomorrow if you know what I mean?  Beware!  They can really spice it up if you ask them too.  I met my match at Mi Comida....

Fresh ingredients, nice people, and a nice change from Mexican food.

Recommended!  Don't touch your eyes if you touched those little red pepper things, that is for sure!!",review,78Ed1ndOak2kmzljulPfBg,14,16,11
r-a-Cn9hxdEnYTtVTB5bMQ,2010-08-04,o8ere9_RTCCESrdBOF3reg,4,"This place is very popular and I can see why...the food was incredible!  Cool, neighborhood place with good service.",review,pEVf8GRshP9HUkSpizc9LA,0,0,0
Yw86Jnab9ixke9xJ5pLhMQ,2012-01-25,2tMqPdc0Ogk11ADgKoeGuA,2,"Heard a lot of good things about Pete's. I am from the Gulf Coast and was not expecting to find anything that would compare to the delicious fried seafood of back home. Glad I set my expectations low.
  Pete's fish is ok, square, almost like processed but not. Strange but tasty. Chips are decent, taste like typical Ore-Ida frozen fries. The Onion rings were good (super greasy though). My biggest problem is that I am a bit of a traditionalist. If you are gonna call it ""fish and chips"" like they would in the UK, then you have to at least have malt vinegar. The red sauce is good with their fries and rings (and maybe shrimp) but not on fish. It is the only sauce they have. I hear the burgers are good and may go back, if I am already in the area, to try one. I wonder if they have mustard? They may be trying to do too many things at once here. Seafood, Americana, Mexican, (fish, shrimp, burritos, hot dogs, chicken, oysters) Just a thought.
  The seating is outside, if its summer you must get it to go. Between the heat, pigeons and huge flies (serious kitchen hawks) you will not have a good time. 
  The prices are very reasonable but they only accept cash. I would not go out of my way to eat at Pete's again.",review,cjU6TqN3bSiW8ShYSoF-0A,0,1,0
vnffHkFJbmd-J3OaBbK2Eg,2011-05-25,Qxihaq_UCehA7lVQl97muw,3,"I am writing this update soley based on the feeling one gets when going to Spitfire Grill, the food and drinks are always good.

Our complaint about Spitfire is that the owner and staff is never very welcoming. My fiancee and I have been there 15+ times and there is never any recognition by the staff. The owner is always there and he has never introduced himself or thanked us for coming in again.  The servers have never said 'welcome back or good to see you again'. For a neighborhood restaurant I would think you would want to make your regular customers feel appreciated. We love the food and the restaurant is right around the corner from our house, but we lean toward other, farther away restaurants with a more weloming feel.
For example, last night we went to House of Tricks in Tempe. It was our 4th visit. When we walked in three of the employees greeted us and welcomed us back. The bartenders remembered what we drink and asked us about something we discussed last time we were there.
Talk about feeling welcome! Spitfire has a lot to learn if they want to survive in a neighborhood lacation.",review,CQ-YFX-YGI_Mtne41HkSVA,0,2,0
MAfc2V_EVtyR9rMxxEAPLg,2010-12-09,hoNecQuL86iCHowOtzMZig,5,"Favorite Pho in the phoenix area so far.  
Great, tender meat in my pho chin nam (#8).
I see they also have bun bo hue on the menu so I'll have to try that sometime soon.    
Nom nom.

Friendly staff.

See ya there!",review,fPHLPrymsyb6WSFFKoMrTQ,1,1,0
JxVGJ9Nly2FFIs_WpJvkug,2009-02-05,jxvNPfbkglmuKGyUDdKHsw,4,"Fun, Fast, Easy, Yummy.  Nice Flatbread style pizzaz, done right, crispy, not thick & greasy. Yummy fresh & unique toppings.  Crisp salads.  Good place for kids :-)",review,h7v_M_0-YVpSVZ2WD7FpAA,0,1,0
DbI6ezKctN4Z5SV7LvG4Sg,2008-01-23,7eReGh-28-2I7TLB0PUXIA,4,"Newly opened no frills supermarket import from the UK with interesting ethnic food selection.

The fruits and vegetables wrapped in clear plastic sitting on black crates reminds me of my neighborhood Tesco's from my days in London.
 
Cool thing about this one is the variety of products carried on the shelves.  When's the last time you're seen tripe or pig's feet at Albertson's or Safeway.  And hooray, I can finally buy Chaokoh (the only good brand of coconut milk) in Scottsdale without having to trek all the way down to Lee Lee's or Ranch Market. 

Great selection of fresh meats and cheeses.  The only place apart from Trader Joe's that I've seen unpasteurized orange juice, which by the way tastes way better because heat kills the fresh taste.

Much-needed addition to an area saturated by the boring standards.",review,8WQubmP7G0NM3IyzyMnCEA,0,2,0
AsSCv0q_BWqIe3mX2JqsOQ,2010-08-27,YXnYNEynrmsQi-kbK4dWAw,5,"Alright this is the deal of deals, 2.75 for students and Im not sure if its a quarter more or not, but less 4 dollars. half an ice cream cookie sandwiches, trust me its enough.  

Its a great pick me up for something sweet on mill

Cookies are made their along with the good ice cream, and if your not into that they have italian ice.

Place is small, but is packed with flavor, and smells like fresh cookies.

Recommendation: If you love cookies made into sandwiches",review,cWg07SD9-PnDUglqtS5owg,0,0,0
VBhgkRUNe9gjc1HpmHA3Zw,2008-08-18,x0smAOppHki0HF7FNeIyVg,1,"Bad food, but lots of it.  If you have a hangover and need grease, this is your place.  Other than that, drive a block and eat at Mucho Gusto down the street--now that is real mexican food!",review,ph051iWFcTzyIjcVV3dAew,0,0,0
NYIyTj2AZJpAo7XIM-Z7lw,2012-04-12,mT11XaPCwS-9352pmywknQ,5,"Stopped in for Margs and appetizers.

Had 2 house Margaritas......AM I DRUNK?

Holy MOLY what do they put in those things?

Food was great, drinks were better, I'll be back!",review,gN4JuiRC2sIssc1qijg4Zw,1,2,2
E4b5OC_6mZ0V7B6Nyjncsg,2011-11-17,FTtMZ68xQba87bE8EkRdvw,4,"Thai, Vietnamese a nice patio, good happy hour and a swanky inside they have it all.

Despite being a nicer place as Asian food goes the prices are quite reasonable and it is really a great value. 

The happy hour menu has Asian tappas (apps) for $5 and many $5 cocktails and glasses of wine. WE had the salmon satay which was just grilled cubes of salmon on a stick with sauce and some salad, good but nothing special. The veggie wontons were great in a brown sauce and filled with veggies and again a small salad garnish.

My cocktail was great but it was a bit strong.

For our mains we had the Salmon with green curry, It came in a HUGE Bowl it was rich and full of great veggies and fresh not overcooked fish. $12.95

We also had the dragon noodles, which was veggies tofu and glass noodles. It was light and fresh. ~10

Over all great quality value and patio I will be back.",review,M6oU3OBf_E6gqlfkLGlStQ,1,1,0
6NAOp61ozWlO6KCxTlgCkw,2010-06-12,vHXGBSYIwgMPsZF0SGyR7g,3,It was my first visit to Wienerschnitzel and OMG two words CORN DOG! It is better than the ones at the State Fair. I also had the polish dog. I am sorry but Costco's is better. The french fries were OK. The best thing I had was the corn dog.,review,_PzSNcfrCjeBxSLXRoMmgQ,0,0,0
52QtjHlHoa7V611bOvv1aw,2009-09-18,XZKSyI-jcqcYspafMceVkA,2,"The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity.  While I liked waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to clean food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk).  Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?!
I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary.  They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two.  50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?  Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of ""The Ugly Truth"" or ""When Harry Met Sally,"" take your pick.
If you've money to burn or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale.",review,0bNXP9quoJEgyVZu9ipGgQ,5,6,3
5_tsOGJQDDl9iKOr8K79Rw,2012-12-09,p_2omAIO3EmTqf4Fdyiihw,3,"Expect to pay $10-12 for a decent burger and fries in a tacky, blue-themed interior in cafeteria-style tables and seats.

The happy hours isn't bad, as it boasts some reasonable and fun appetizers along with $2.50 IPA drafts, among other options.

The service was decent, but not great, and the ambiance as a whole didn't seem to be worth the prices on the dinner menu.  At least, I can think of several better options.",review,YsPqt0gxG60l0cJvHl_ylw,2,2,2
9YUe5J_cPCBo_mL7-z9HCQ,2011-08-22,8GtXhZduG7LSSjdrfmfZvA,4,"Stop the presses and buy a lotto ticket, I'm actually giving a place on Mill more than 2 stars!

The bf and I came here around 10 on a Friday night and were FINALLY *pleasantly* surprised with the place.  We've been to several places along mill trying out the area since we moved here and have been met with nothing but sloppy people (both young and old), watered down drinks, and mediocre service.

+ no cover, nice doormen/bouncers (though there's a $5 cover after certain times on Fri/Sat. for guys, ladies free)
+ responsive and knowledgeable bartenders.  I ordered the tequila drink (ha, who woulda thunk) with grapefruit and it was *delicious*.  If you don't want a sugary kick in the face with your alcohol, try this drink!  The bartender was funny when I ordered it and said ""oh honey, it's not very sweet, is that okay?  Some people don't like it""--thank you for making sure.  My bf ordered some 10/12 year anejo double shot (can't remember) and really like it....hell, I even sipped it and didn't reactionary gag!  Let's just say sauza and jose kicked my ASS freshman year undergrad-- I'm forever ruined
+ wide variety of drinks and tequila...that may seem like an obvious thing at a tequila bar, but I've been to a few that were pretty skimpy.
+ decor and vibe was on POINT.  Somehow the younger crowd here doesn't act like one drink is sending them to blackout town...score.  Somehow the cougar-looking women here don't flip their hair every time a younger guy walked passed them...score.  Somehow the older people were grooving to the music more than the young bucks...score.
- minus one star for no AC...is that normal on Mill? no AC? and if so, WTF IT'S HOT AS BALLS, TURN THAT SHIT ON!

Like my (ex)governator said ""I'll be back"".  Seriously, I'm excited to have found a place that didn't make me regret driving to Mill, woohoo!",review,0N8jAcXewpjG-SrOa_QeTQ,0,1,0
W0eocyGliMbg8NScqERaiA,2012-03-11,z45VpAt7N6ntMdxDIPmFYw,3,"Narcisse is truly an interesting place. 

Good food and pretty good service. The staff/servers look good and keep the ""image is everything"" so important here in Scottsdale working for this place even if the looks exceed the quality of the service. The late night crowd is of the ""look at me"" variety and makes it a good people watching establishment if you do not mind the huge egos that go with it. 

The selections of food and drink are impressive. If you can reserve a table to dine and drink with friends do it as the place fills up and leads to a fun night out experience for the above 30 crowd.",review,Uv4qrIDX7xzLJP_9n_JsyA,0,1,1
sZwUrDST1fkLHhdn0P3N1A,2011-06-12,5BD2pLHK7tNSVrODSntFsg,5,You can't give anything less than 5 stars to a place that sells bra's and panties to hot chicks.,review,0im6WIvEj7MWfJSLCuZYaQ,0,0,0
Xq1FtLSV54Spf-HfONc1aA,2012-05-18,D_GHBOve5yjNXJzfmcBIuA,5,I've been to the locations in Chandler and Mesa and one word describes both locations: Fresh.  Their donuts are consistently soft and fresh.,review,sih5J4HDcRMdcp8MehHAnA,0,0,0
8o-NLKy_XfbJtqljX9XLCA,2011-11-05,XtKYEFYNLEaMabNDOmDExA,1,"We came there on November 5, 2011 and the service was very bad. The worst I have ever seen and we were treated like shit. We came into town from LA and Vegas for the NFL game and seen Mrs. White's cafe on Foodnet Work and knew the food had to be great. The chicken was great, but the customer service was so bad we will never return again.  We got a refill on our drinks and the guy poured sum of our drinks on the left overs so we could not take our food back to the hotel. Foodnet Work shame on you for recommending this place. Just because the chicken is good, does not mean you treat people like shit. 

We had to remind the staff over six times to get our order. We waited over 40 minutes to get the other 3 pieces of chicken to finish our meal. We don't mind waiting but it was pretty rude when you are watching other peolple are getting their meals when they walked in after us. The Mac and Cheese did not look like everyone else's order- it look like it came out of a box. You can tell it was far from homemade, it cleary was not bake, no crust. The gravy was watered, missing favor. Corn bread was over cooked under salted. The cornbread sure as  hell did not look like everyones else's cornbread. I felt like we received the leftovers. 

Truly the worst service we ever received. The place needs to learn how to be respectful and just be nice.",review,CNNforlwwIT89V_hQ-dbtg,0,5,2
HW_QFzCZfF4yqN64F5Xx_Q,2012-05-05,LC7IEMctjh7jx4nD1b_z2g,4,"The ""Shoe Dog"" experience was quite fun and entertaining!  It assists in finding the right shoe for your foot...and pretty accurate!

Shop from hundreds of the best walking and running brands like ASICS, adidas, Brooks, New Balance, Saucony, Mizuno, Merrell, Nike, Puma, Pearl Izumi, Sperry, Timberland, Under Armour. You'll find fantastic natural running shoes from Vibram Five Fingers, Newton Running, and K-SWISS and trail shoes from Merrell, Salomon, and UK Gear. Grab the best gear from brands like Garmin, Baby Jogger, BOB, GU, Honey Stinger and FRS. You'll also find your favorite Triathlon Gear in the Road Runner Sports online Triathlon store. store. Choose from brands like 2XU, Shimano, Bont, Giro, Aquasphere and Xlab.",review,JgufYQ94cHyEo9b8StajnQ,0,0,0
XWpkTxBLgRXxl7g2Hw62Qg,2010-03-24,IGPcKsOxm4BqnR5mH5Bnqw,4,"Super Dark Chocolate Gelato.  Word.  Tiramisu Gelato.  Straight Up.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato and Tiramisu together.  Good Stuff.  

This store smells like a pool.  I have no idea what's up with that but the Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is awesome.

I will go back just for that.  And I will order the largest size I can handle...Kids Size.  Or maybe Small if I'm feeling ambitious.  Gelato is rich.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is Super Rich.  You've been warned.",review,P2kVk4cIWyK4e4h14RhK-Q,5,6,5
6HAwTnhNJoR5VNdfUrRoEw,2010-04-29,bFSWgQzleesf1o3lN95P6w,5,"Best donuts in the valley.

I like a variety of donuts (my favorites, though are raised sugar and raised glaze), and all the donuts here are great.  Never too heavy, always tasting fresh.",review,2OLdiDZNdrPkdjp1WmW0-w,0,0,0
IuAPYzf3NSyfyXYgT46YVA,2012-01-21,gz6dv-usee4ZRHNvsq8UTA,4,"Sitting at the counter at FnB is an experience that should be had, period. Our reservations by default was later on in the evening, but also turned out to be quite fortuitous. Not only were we able to see chefs Badman and Curry in action, but also saw them turn down the kitchen towards the end of the night. It is a display that even the most advent epicurean is not often exposed to. There are no doors or walls to hide behind. Everything that you eventually place in your mouth is out in the open and also in the way it is prepared - from the raw, to the stove, to the plate. 

Impressive was also how fluid the kitchen moved with only the two chefs preparing dishes. Chef Curry preparing the appetizers, fish and fowl; while Chef Badman shoveled coal onto a grill and simultaneously manning it to ensure rib-eyes were cooked to order. 

The ambiance was the type you'd expect when invited into another's kitchen, and the food tasted as if given the same attention. So to the service. Our waitress, Chantelle was nice about explaining everything to us after hearing that it was our first time there. When she found out we had moved just a few months ago, she was kind enough to write down her restaurant recommendations for us too. 

Will definitely be back to try other items off their ever-evolving menu. Reservation for two please. Yes its okay if its at the counter and yes, its fine if its late.",review,TfOfuXzdRIO-WVe8sYsO0A,3,2,0
v_fV3nYIZQRGBdRL9jXeAQ,2012-02-26,rXDhaYhSt7AhfD2ixnTPrQ,5,Pulled pork over rice with compelling seasoned tater tots (rosemary & garlic).  Gutsy sauce was utterly unique!  Darryl King prepared it hot and packaged it with style for takeaway service.,review,EXZrHtmzdtDHtH9MPNEhkw,0,0,1
43YH6it1qwhjBMfei3m1hg,2010-01-13,QyQjQBUUapdVWiJyzHm6gA,3,"Alright, so how does it go from being a 1-star (actually, less than that) to being a 3-star review? Simple, they seem better than the last time I was working/shopping here. I went here the other night to help my boyfriend find an interview outfit and noticed that the store had a handful of the same employees as they did back in the Summer, but certain areas of clothing had been moved around. Despite all the moving and switching around they must have done, the store seemed really clean and in order. In fact, I really have no issues with this store except one, teeny tiny, little problem...the check out girl!

I remember her from when I worked here and she gave me attitude when I needed to ask her something. Turns out, it wasn't a one time thing.. she's just a rude person. On this particular night, there were only two check out girls and a line of about 15 people. My boyfriend and I were making seperate purchases and knew one of us was going to get her. I happened to get the friendly one, but before we each paid for our items, we were watching as the rude girl didn't crack even ONE half-hearted attempt at a smile. We listened as she rudely explained to some elderly ladies why a certain item was marked on sale but the same item was normal priced. They wanted to make sure they weren't paying too much/too little and her explanation?: ""That ones been the store longer."" It didn't make sense to them, or to those of us in line watching, but she kept getting huffy about it until they dropped the issue. She shoved people's items in bags and practically threw them at them and said, again without trying to fake some kind of customer service, ""Have a good night. Bye. NEXT!"" Yuck.

My cashier was slightly more frienldy, but still not awesome. It was obvious she was having a long night (afterall, she was stuck at the register with the Ice Queen), so it was understandable. Also, I didn't catch her name, but the girl working in the dressing rooms was really sweet and kept greeting everyone that came by. 

I had to call this location to get the name of the manager for something I was filling out on a form and I was told they've got a new manager. Thus, I know why this jumped up two stars. It could have been four, but certain things they haven't fixed (rude cashier girl) have kept this review at a solid three.",review,bDVQPjGPM6yVLD2cntJkrQ,0,0,0
IVc23uY-36WUNYoIbz42Fg,2009-01-16,etIYViErr9G08cXjUhaVvw,5,"I think everyone has said most everything that needs to be said about this place. But I'll highlight the reasons I frequent Switch...

free wi-fi
good drinks
$5 recession plate special - that is always as awesome as the rest of their menu
good happy hour specials
open til 11pm 7 days a week
good wine 
great/friendly wait staff

their salads are out of control - amazing.

i think i could happily support/invest in switch/fez/ticoz dynasty for all of eternity...if i had the means.",review,MwJVSTsUB-htphNZaIC43g,3,3,2
F0ZXhPJD8yNS3xzTxsichg,2011-12-03,aHDpvV2q2h0R6c_UVZxOow,4,"Surprisingly nice arean, given that the fans in Phoenix apparently hate hockey...  It's got a lovely outdoor area with shopping and restaurants, convenient and close free parking, and a large selection of food and beverage options inside.  When we went, the stadium was pretty much empty...which is fairly normal, as I understand it.  Still, if there was more interest, the place could hold a large number of people and has the potential to be a great venue for Arizona hockey.",review,GoeN6MxXAusK9oYAaq1fbw,0,0,0
7WGBi29_vj_7RcPVxpLNHA,2009-03-22,mc2ID15iwqKXqlLiSyCJcw,4,"Great food, large portions! My family and I really enjoyed our Saturday morning breakfast.",review,fMyKbyYY9Poy9B_1QZPKcg,0,0,0
yFQBmF9xwcnnpA6P1IcoEw,2009-05-11,elzI_5Z-KslhrBeXcPoUOw,4,"When shopping is an adventure and a destination, you must be heading to Tan Phat. This is a funky Asian market that has been there for me whenever I need water chestnuts (for wrapping in bacon, and they carry five different brands! Who knew so many companies were in the business of the water chestnut?) or kitchen supplies for Asian themed dinners. One of the first things that hits you upon entering in the smell of seafood. After acclimating to that, you'll find a huge selection of canned goods, dried seafood and mushrooms, a decent selection of fresh produce and an ample amount of ""novelty"" edibles (you know, those intriguingly package foodstuffs that you just can't find outside of Asian markets). 

The employees are usually polite. You may have to walk through every aisle to find what you need, but that's part of the adventure.",review,nc3cqVN0UuB3m50-CcMftw,0,2,0
rIonUa02zMz_ki8eF-Adug,2011-12-06,pGR2j7yorCpnBDWgkVp-WA,4,"Food is yummy!!!! I have never been to a 5 Guys, so I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered a burger, unaware that it is actually a double burger, which was HUGE! Hubby and I shared a large fry. We could have easily split a burger and a small fry. Love that fact that ""everything"" includes grilled mushrooms and onions. So much food. This location was messy. I am not sure of the peanuts are a great idea because there are shells and dust everywhere.",review,7W4egS-WyR0hRHMfQtPEOQ,0,0,0
bELgiE-Q3AqeVJL-wguQkA,2012-12-18,gmZxSd2iA9et0mFoLQZCvg,5,"Fast, friendly, and clean.  You don't get to say that too often when describing a post office!  Serously though, these guys are great.",review,JnAGZh7rjuz-6nKXitHUwA,0,0,0
bts6jVczHJuWzpT8Y26UsQ,2012-07-15,nbxPB_Qm8CNq9_r7UjBnwQ,4,"It was a quick trip downtown from Mesa, I didnt like some of the people getting on the train but hey its public transport. My legs were also hurting from the seats on the short trip downtown I have RLS and man it hurt for days after. It was great for saving gas and if I worked by one I would take it daily. This was my first time so watch where you park by the pickup locations cause I got my car towed, $200 fine!!! I would take it downtown again but park in the right spot this time.",review,0Jlviq1YD76N-WK_GUeDMw,0,0,1
_lanRtzQGRkbhd2b6pQleQ,2012-02-01,baR_k2IBejzPP_pLajuU-Q,5,"Papago Park is a great place to ride (bicycles, that is).  The terrain can be as easy or as hard as you'd like-- just choose your trail!",review,kwMWGVz3IH0UH1sbHLHolQ,0,0,0
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw,2011-10-23,x2I-E7Duttm5AGqos6jlJA,5,"Ordered the famous ""Butter Burger"" medium rare. Forget lettuce, tomato, and pickle, eat this with cheese and maybe some ketchup to let that beef shine through. Delicious! Great diner atmosphere, got to sit at the counter.

Happy to see it was Niman Ranch beef, a sustainable/organic livestock provider.",review,4kPVOgRPApsSKJM9rFoX_Q,1,0,0
Re0Xw-AYkn6NK7QRk3kPEg,2009-02-18,vVaUMlzYJPc0pWV46XT8YA,3,"For such a small space, Stinkweeds definitely does a good job of packing as much variety as they can in their store. As far as record stores go, they've got a pretty decent collection in both CD's and vinyl. My only qualm with this place is that they tend to only carry newer stuff or the more popular titles of indie genres. If you're like me and like to peruse through older and hard-to-find collections, be sure to check out Tracks in Wax a few blocks down the street on Central. That being said, this is definitely a place you'll want to drop into. Their selection of concert/music video DVD's is pretty solid as is what their magazine stand has to offer. Sure, it's no Amoeba but it's the next best thing.",review,FxxYCRPcpd__yhRRmmtyMQ,0,0,0
7YYD_agS3Kb2sAx9JPkQEw,2008-08-24,YW9VGLm1zkGmXb4V9vU4bA,4,"My husband and I visited the olive mill this morning. We decided to go there after finding reviews on here so Thankyou! It is kind of funny also since we live in Circle Cross Ranch which is just right up the road from QCOM. I have passed this building so many times and just tossed it up to another little local farm out here. First we sampled all the olives and the different oils and dipping sauces. My husband complained he thinks the products are overpriced but I thought they were reasonable since they are really good and don't taste anything like the stuff you get in the supermarkets. After selecting a few items, I bought the mesquite almond stuffed olives and lemon and blood orange olive oils. Blood orange is amazing I can't wait to try it on a salad. I also bought a plain virgin olive oil.The oil is so flavorful and their claim is it is pesticide free since they don't have a problem with some sort of fruit fly they normally have problems with in olives here because of our dry hot climate. We decided to grab a bite. This was the only problem, not for me but for my husband. I guess this is a perfect place for the girls to get together for lunch but if you have a man that has a pretty hearty appetite like mine then he may not quite be satisfied with what he receives.It was perfect for me. I ordered a paninni that had roasted squash, peppers, arugula, fennel garlic aoli and a parmesan balsamic sauce on it. It was very good. Came with a side of kettle style potato chips and some olives. He had a salad but truthfully it was not a very big salad especially with the salads that could serve 3 you mostly see these days. I guess it is true Americans have come to expect quantity.That is ok, I would definitely go back. I will just have to make sure I leave him at home next time and go with one of my gals instead",review,EnvG_kewvG5PqUqNSgs9Iw,2,4,1
H7KzlC0-o1wIhlGg-Me5Ag,2011-07-04,1f8KYqNHZtg-Z4eH1tcUJQ,5,"My wife and I as well as several of our friends drive from Ahwatukee on a regular basis to dine at Flo's on Thompson Peak and Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. 25 miles isn't too far for this food. We've been eating here since the 90's and have always been pleased. I discovered it when I worked in the area and used to stand in line for lunch, it was so busy. Our favorites: Lemon Pepper Chicken with extra lemon wedges and the Kung Pow although I can't think of anything I wouldn't order.",review,OnGKdONTxlNYyjX6KXhL0A,0,0,0
djYFLq4Bkqpkd14-0IJfug,2011-08-09,vjBuwYn8j0aPhIwkWIgxHg,5,"""Yogurtland"" as I say it with a high-pitched tone in the end..

This is my ultimate favorite dessert!! I would give 10 stars if Yelp allows it! All my friends know that I am attached to this place! We started this craziness together with my better half when we tried it a few years back after a basketball game...and all I said after first walking in was, ""This is fun!!"" and we got hooked eversince!! That I collect their spoons, only used by me and the hubbie, and I now have 5 YGL  cups full of spoons!! I am the ultimate Yogurtland addict!! heehee We go as often as 5 times a week that we already know the staff in this location. And we go that often that we even tried to abstain from it for Lent just to see if we can resist it!! haha Most of our friends also keep on asking to try other fro yo places to see if something will beat my YGL addiction..and so far nothing has won over it yet..=D
So, my favorite flavors are Taro, Pistachio and Toasted Coconut and the of course the seasonal flavors, Pumpkin Pie, Gingerbread..Oh I wanna go now just thinking about it! My favorite toppings are the yogurt chips, sugar cone, sunflower seeds, shredded coconut and graham!!  =) Perfect blend of flavors! 

So if you haven't tried it yet, grab your favorite partner and enjoy some ""Yogurtland""...=)",review,fFFT99b1av5nhkxRfrZb2Q,1,1,1
-tBiXT917wKlr6n9wSqViw,2011-01-06,16_yl1x4hfTRCXUkwunmfw,4,"Although I am limiting meat in my diet, I went to the Keg for a date.

I had only been one other time for drinks with a couple of friends and it was nothing worth writing home about really.

I think what I really loved this time was the salad.  Yeah, I know, a steak house and I'm blown away by a salad!!  It was the spinach salad with walnuts and cranberries.  It was soooo good.  

Of course my little girly sized fillet was incredible too.

Oh ... and the date ... yeah it was good too!! ;-P",review,uj79HTtyOdAdd_TaPcdxjA,1,1,1
He9Dar4bk2vyeiPC7TkUgA,2010-05-28,MZ6dNnldpRECuezdgo19xw,4,"My husband and I lucked into one of the best dining experiences in a long time on a recent business trip to AZ. The hummous appetizer was exceptional, as was the ""what's in this steak?"" dish, tender filet wrapped in yukon-gold potatoes (how comforting is THAT?). Nice selection of wine by the glass.  The only disappointment was a dessert referred to as a ""twist on Tiramisu,"" but which bore no resemblance to it at all, with toffee cookie dough ice cream. I'll go back next time in town, but try a different dessert.",review,cUHTvqCvUyUckIucoTl6Ng,0,0,0
wl51t6lT7leiX64SlkOx6g,2011-07-24,TUPZLupO2RDJsJ91TYBpnQ,5,Sara (bartender) is the hottest chick in the world!!,review,I3xKqgX4XDiz72iUO_lN1Q,0,0,1
pPQ92_OTXSvDh-4CO6wCFQ,2012-12-29,MWqYXZcjbXdUACgcx8zypw,3,"I wanted to add a review to the actual company's website, but I could not figure it out. I'm curious where all the testimonials came from. 

I have mixed feelings on my experience. In the end, I think I ended up with some beautiful windows, though. My salesperson was very engaging. I felt pretty confident in my decision to go with American Vision Windows after that first experience. There was some miscommunication on scheduling the measurement, but it worked itself out fairly quickly. I started to lose confidence when I was told a specific date that my windows would be in, but never heard anything from the company four days after that date. When I called them to find out where my windows were, I was told they had just received them and they could schedule my install in 2 weeks. Since I only had Saturday install available, that was understandable. The Friday before my install, they called to reschedule to the following weekend because the rainstorm (that just occurred that day) had put them behind two days. Again, I guess that was fairly understandable, but I felt like the peon that was the easiest to push off. 

Luckily the installers did show up the following Saturday on the earlier side of the provided time frame. I kind of don't know what to say about the install. There were two guys, one seemed to know what he was doing, the other I had less confidence in. The job took 4 hours to install 6 windows. During the entire transaction I was never told how long the install would take, so I'm not sure if that was normal or not. The two guys actually seemed to be fighting during the entire install. I believe the head guy was joking around with the other by basically telling him he sucked. I think the other guy was genuinely getting angrier and angrier. In all honesty, I was very uncomfortable being in my own house while the install was going on. I was a bit disappointed in the cleanup of the job. I ended up having to cleanup inside the window tracks and windowsills on the inside and brush off the sills on the outside. I don't feel I should have had to do that. Before they left, I was handed a survey to review the entire process (salesperson, overall experience, install). I think that is a horrible practice that needs to be changed. I didn't want to sit there writing out a review on all of the above while the installer is waiting for me, and then hand it right back to him. What it did cause me to do is overstate my review because I'm not going to give the installers 2 stars and hand the paper back to the person I just reviewed. 

I can't say I would recommend this company, but I feel the way customer service has been going, it's really a tossup on what you will get from any company.

P.S. I forgot to mention my plants. I have recently spent a lot of my own time and money on landscaping my backyard so this stuck out to me big time. I understand when installing windows it's difficult to pay attention to the foliage below your feet, but I think some attempt to not trample all over the plants would be very much appreciated. For example, when washing the windows, I think an effort can be made not to stand directly on top of a plant and twist your foot back and forth. I'm still hoping I do not loose a couple of plants due to the trauma they endured.",review,0hJChgGIqzg5JQkwvcnLZw,0,0,0
m4Vdae9cdx7bgr6bIjjbkw,2010-08-29,gelzhpXyxJFjPSxvT2QmHw,5,I love love this store!! Their reduced fat chicken salad and pasedena salads are to die for. The prepackaged frozen meals are also yummy! My daughter loves their yogurt and premade pasta meals. Their clif bars are 1/2 the price as supermarkets!! The employees are extremely nice and helpful. I would SO recommend this store to any and every one!!,review,ifBFUu7EIvjHq2_CK733Jg,0,1,0
x3ws2L-TlI-JPcEQjjEC9g,2012-10-24,Gbn3HN3Im0EUIk34Ej8_Aw,5,"I rarely go to Indian restaurants. But this is a place I love to visit often. The food seems as if it was done with great interest. When u go there, order anything with rice. They cook it to perfection. I like their handi dishes a lot.

If there is one thing I can suggest, it is that they should stop adding food coloring to some of their dishes. No need to guild this Lilly!",review,hdGOqtk3Z9GModnuDkaD2w,0,1,0
qwmHm3s8p7J12AIY6Co8HQ,2012-12-11,D101kxTdPnpPPvRrov9G7w,5,"I am a vegetarian and there is a ton of great stuff at Pita Jungle. I just had the hummus trio, babaganoush, dolmas, mozzarella, and feta for appetizers tonight. Fantastic happy hour on the apps and delicious. Took BLACK BEAN BURGER to go. SOOOO good! Also, servers are super nice and prompt. YAY!",review,2EgPOQF3cwLpeCEHINLtmw,0,0,0
LzreyGNkVTYw4JFuSxWstA,2012-01-08,23qzzpKWK0W6RtvW0ouFyQ,1,"All I have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you're gonna get. and if you're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors, the this is the place to eat.",review,wZqx1ba606Ollf4KHGZbLw,0,0,0
0xWF7PpTNl-awqg2YGxxFQ,2009-10-07,Cs8p3s0rZwbGulCxz7Dk5w,3,"So I recently went here with a friend of mine because they were craving IHOP, and I didn't care were we went to eat as long is it had food.

I got one of there new healthy choice menu items the balsamic chicken and my friend got the club sandwich with a side salad and a side of pancakes...don't ask.

The food was surprisingly really good and the service was excellent.",review,Ofxlhi_HKp7myFDpwg9aIA,0,0,0
5BXNeSwzOy1nhU9PtCHvIw,2007-09-27,yYRpZj0-h-jEJvPaUbg3Lg,2,"Having lived in Mesa and delivered sub sandwiches to some of the tweekiest of tweakers, I don't feel any shame in admitting that whole area now resides in a dead zone for me. When I get that itch to go out and tear up the town, waste away a lazy afternoon, or enjoy a nice dinner, I think of places north, south and west of Tempe. It's like my brain has one of those little electric dog collar things attached to it, and when I start to stray too far east, it gives me a subliminal zap so I erase Mesa from the map in my mind.

So naturally, Stray Cats is usually a place I visit when meeting up with others who have suggested it. 

Thing is, I always end up having a pretty good time when I go there. The drinks are priced reasonably and generally on the strong side, the bartenders are friendly and quick to serve. The music is pretty good, but I've never been here when a DJ's spinning. I used to like the fact that there was an air conditioned smoking room off to the side with plush couches and big televisions. The crowd is always diverse, friendly and easy to engage in slurred conversation.

It just doesn't have any special oomph for me. I'd much rather frequent Hollywood Alley a couple miles south, where there's pool and live music. Unfortunately it's also on the black list of Mesa, so maybe I should find a way to reverse that programming. It's not just tweakers and mormans, it's not just tweakers and mormons, it's not just tweakers and mormons....",review,tlSSQwfHYJany7wPoTH46A,2,1,6
znmvCpcwxYk_kYCqtUFt5Q,2010-06-22,hprmSGLl-TN91Khz5VkJ-A,4,"Great food and a fun atmosphere! service is a little slow, but the food is always delicious!",review,AjWGxRkg3Yl_q18Y7J-kjw,0,0,0
6rijZ1qIjiq1Dgdy35iqxw,2012-01-28,ScQPLLRdcTPNMn7b3cZEvA,4,"I came, I saw, I conquered. 

Would get five stars but parking here is difficult. No signs on where to park if u can't get in the iddy bitty teeny weeny parking lot. Walked an extra mile just to get to the entrance on the echo side",review,KuPscbI0KPxudSMPZIcrCA,0,0,0
ozWBsvbeM2LSPsRDsYKr1Q,2007-10-09,gEv9QauBbj3Gq9gTsFT_8A,4,"I'm so glad that there is at least one Asian grocery store in the valley. Unfortunately they seem to have a hard time keeping some of my favorite items in stock, I wonder if this is a result of some of the import restrictions/delays that have been a result of the recent quality issues with food and toys imported from China.

I'm half Chinese and spent much of my youth being dragged around Chinatown near L.A. by my grandmother and 6 or 7 aunts. So the 99 Ranch Market brings back memories...some fond...some not quite so. But, at any rate, the prices are great and the selection is good and authentic (when it's in stock). The cashiers could use a little dosing from the friendly fairy, however. Then again, I don't remember many friendly cashiers or clerks at any of the stores I frequented as a kid...so I guess it just makes the experience all the more genuine for me.

I would recommend going on a weekday, or, if you must go on the weekend, just avoid going around lunchtime. There's a dim sum restaurant in the same shopping center and the parking lot gets pretty jam packed with cars and pedestrians.",review,xUxxoTkQNWbKU44cCbtY4A,3,3,1
9dopZKjYiKwPiw7kEQsEag,2011-06-30,DOtJ8fUQFNJaPdY48Q13Ig,2,"After vine expressions closed many of us have tried this place.  I like new things and love different types of cuisine but this place doesn't hit the spot.  It's nice to go somewhere and get a wine list by the glass where you can choose a wine you enjoy but of course you want to know the freakin vineyard.  Not here.  By the glass, the list just has varietals - shiraz, cab, etc.  They change their list a lot but so do many places.  The food - below average.  Tried the stew that they said was great and famous.  Bland.  The sliders were like eating a salt lick, too salty.  The servers are nice but they tend to ramble on and give you a 15 minute dissertation on the menu and why you shouldn't look at the last page because it's not available yet but they want you to know it's there.  Finally, a few people mentioned the sucky chairs.  Boy, they weren't kidding.  They have many stools at tables with no back.  Customers should be comfortable, this is not.  The seats with backs have as much padding as a 2X4.  Bottomline, uncomfortable.

You want better options, here you go.  The living room in Chandler, my wine cellar in Ahwatukee, postino in Arcadia, 5th and wine in Old Towne, kazimierz in Old Towne, and terroir wine pub in N Scottsdale.  Been to all of them and all significantly better.    Tons more on Yelp.

Postino is supposedly opening where grainbelt used to be across from Joe's BBQ in downtown Gilbert so when that's there a local joint should be available.",review,f5CqKZlqK9Sox9z9wuooCQ,0,1,0
93EFuYATJ0rgqO0uJLRYfw,2012-12-06,P06wRpk0NUf-5MTQaOZlvw,5,"I've always wanted a family friendly jeweler.  Esp. if my at the time boyfriend was going to buy me an engagement ring.  It means so much to me to have the true customer service when buying fine Jewelry, someone I can trust.  And when I found this place one day while I was at CVS I knew I had found a Gem (pun intended)! Peggy really made me and my now finance feel like we were family.  She helped him pick out my fabulous ring and answer every single one of his questions.  I'm so proud to tell everyone where we got the ring from because I think everyone should know about this place!  If your looking for great jewelry with a warm smile, head on over.  They are so excited to help you!",review,7QFfFnxbUzS7j81XCftUkA,0,1,0
4QtD359vkU7Jq8vP0uQEww,2011-07-08,03HOEIyOo4kLI3vd_Z01xA,4,"This place looks a lot worse than it is. The poorly shot photos of their food on their windows and walls do not do them any favors. I wound up eating here by chance when I was bringing back a group of teens to the JCC a few doors down--we had a few minutes for lunch before bringing the rest of the kids back to tucson. Most of the kids wound up in the mexican place next door, and seeing as we were pressed for time, I decided that Id get some thai food since I love thai. I asked the lady in there if I could get something very quickly to go, she said no problem. I asked if I should get the pad thai or the yellow curry, she said get the yellow curry. So I did. She asked me how hot (and knowing that I had a cold and wanted something kinda spicy, but also momentarily forgetting that I was in a thai restaurant) I told her ""make it pretty hot"". In retrospect, I might have used a bit more caution with that statement. I also ordered some crab puffs which i know is not authentic, but i was in the mood. The crab puffs turned out to be excellent. Just different enough from your standard chinese food arrangement and yet still delicious with their different style dipping sauce. The yellow curry was AMAZING, albeit a LITTLE bit spicier than I would have liked on a normal day...well, actually, it was a freakin inferno...but it felt good to eat it with my cold and all. Just be advised ;) Would definitely go back next time im in the area. My only complaints were that it took a little bit longer than I would have liked considering my situation, but had I been sitting down it would not have been a problem, and secondly the price was a little high I felt. It was after 3 (so a late lunch, i guess) and wound up having to pay the dinner prices. The two orders, without a drink came to about $15. Not terrible, but a little more than I would have liked to pay.",review,0mwGMnMvgvKd11do4u5J3Q,0,0,0
CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ,2011-04-10,yFL9d_wJu33YlAQAm725qA,4,"My husband and I went there for lunch today and because of vegegirly C.'s review about the deep fried pickles guess what we ordered??? OMG they were amazing! We ordered the cajun style and man oh man were they goooooood! We have never even heard of them but I am so glad we got them. So crispy and so hot! Mmmmm (and 1/2 priced)!!!

We got greeted and seated quickly. I ordered the chicken brie sandwhich and my husband had the meatloaf sandwhich. I am not sure where the comment about small portions came from because they were good sized and we were both stuffed!

The only change to the chicken brie would be to have the pears sliced thinner rather than having thick pears to bite through. Otherwise it was yummy.

I also ordered the ""Arizona Iced Tea"" for the first time since they didn't have fresh mint to make my mojito. I was pleasantly surprised at how light and refreshing it was.

We had the entertainment card which they didn't punch so we can use it again, and we will :)",review,aPv7PCJNMJSw20DR0959wg,0,1,0
sv8tYgFzIRKHHERURumyVQ,2012-03-20,zfAr84vPKq0mnS5ZcfEN2A,4,One thing I like about this place...are the cacti! There are just everywhere! This is a great place to go camping in and to take lots of pictures of the scenery. The random people here are all very friendly and so are the staff from the Visitor Center.  The place definitely looks different when you compare from summer and winter.,review,DrJnC62-eMRnFai6immsbQ,1,1,0
RdOQN8LEzo5tB_pSIS-I5w,2012-06-02,CFPEFihBcAl09sSi0MSkHA,4,"Some say you get what you pay for  (with an implication of regret) . But with ASMT, you get what you pay for and you actually walk out happy. An hour massage for $12.50?  Tell me where else can you get such good deal?",review,-q0RFaCkmT6TFxgk0a9dPw,0,0,0
R1RjCYfRZm9inTDQVVpUGQ,2009-01-07,g_jWG4y_rTAh4nByc4dFDA,5,"If you've never had or even heard of bingsoo you NEED to check this place out. I have two friends who were constantly bantering about bingsoo and this Fresco place. I was excited when I found out it was so close to my house. If you've never heard of it, this is how it goes down. It's a layer of shaved ice, then you have your choice of ice cream or FF frozen yogurt, your choice of fresh fruit off the menu (apples, strawberry, mango, banana kiwi and many others) and then your choice of ""sauce"" which is a fruit puree of either strawberry, kiwi or mango and honey. You mix it all together and there you have it. A somewhat healthy dessert! They even have a frequent bingsoo buyers card =) 

This place isn't just all about the bingsoo though. They have a menu of fresh sandwiches and fruit juices too!",review,4JapGtmN58pZYo1ClbV8qw,1,2,1
YL_EiYALmGUd1lm5HZgL3w,2010-05-05,zRy7XORNSSZx7ieG3liPEw,3,"Overall this place isn't so bad for a quick mexican food place. It's not like eating at a restaurant or anything like that. The food portions are pretty great and sold at a fair price. I really liked their salsa and I felt it was nice and flavorful. I'd say this place is a small step up from Filbertos.

The staff here, however, were really rude. They seemed to want to rush everyone around.",review,2ziJA4_AnTCAPIXzkq10nA,0,0,0
k6Si433-EJrY4J7SZxsnjA,2012-07-09,8l0L53OVe6wu9EYUUpN16Q,5,"Went here last night when on our last night staying at the Hotel Valley Ho.  We were able to walk there from the hotel and it was so cute.  The wait staff were helpful and gracious.  Once we saw how large the pizzas were, they accomodated us and split the toppings on each side of the pizza so we got what we wanted.  I did think the olives were really salty, but that's that type of olive.  We had delicious wine and the bruschetta sampler.  Enjoy people!",review,fh1pPKi-r-FkWEGJiH7rfw,0,2,0
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA,2009-12-08,tRpCw6R3dXwzf9q2Q0Bhyg,5,"I have to tell you....

I had their Jerk Chicken Plate the other night, and it was yuuuuummmmmyyy! You gotta try it!",review,_uL7OiQSfNsCd60DrAf7qQ,1,1,1
b9dv7Q0A8XcJ44zzTDJeYw,2011-11-14,Ob6sPSHrANTDRcKXiMkqzA,5,"I love this place the more I go to it! The service is completely out of the ordinary for fast food and now they have something called, Mexican Gumbo. Holy schneikies it's good!!! Can't beat the prices either! If I had a choice of this place over Chipotle, I would choose Qdoba ANY day!!!",review,TihCCoPTBI-mlkvdbAaEog,0,0,0
5fWOxo5CxpHoaCJD97QE4g,2012-09-10,HFUWeNu4E2uUvNLrble3PA,5,"Quick, friendly, awesome.",review,xdaRYQvc8W4QXk4TZklJfw,0,0,0
OSL98Keoc2FSNx4a3ge5Uw,2010-04-02,EnDxxPW6VqYztPKPS_jP6g,2,"Despite being a red-blooded American male, I find this place a bit below average.  Yes, the waitress wander around in shorts that would make a cheerleader blush--but rail thin bottle blondes don't do anything for me or the food itself.  

I've eaten here twice: the first time, I ordered huevos rancheros and coffee; today, I had the protein pancakes.  In both cases, the service was mixed and the food was bland.  My food came out quickly both times, but my server disappeared each time as well.  Today, I sat for 15 minutes until I was able to get the attention of a manger who located my server for me. 

The food itself is not bad, but nothing to cheer about.  The protein pancakes were enormous and dense, but not nearly as flavorful as one expects from an item filled with almonds, blueberries, and cinnamon.  As others have noted, they'll ding you on side orders--sour cream, tomatoes, guacamole, and the like will all cost you a pretty penny for diner-quality stuff.

Finally, it doesn't affect the food, but the decor is garish and plain.  Remember that first apartment you got after college with the white walls and tan carpet?  This is basically the US Egg aesthetic.",review,j_WJjiBbkiU5qlFDkU0SYg,0,0,0
JuQncODLNOhfSaa-5okpQQ,2011-03-21,CcP22KGHAQDtDDxjpEzY1Q,3,"Fair pricing and no upselling. These guys are good--but be warned, it's as busy as an angry beehive on Monday mornings!",review,XpSZrY_Ym8GGx7SNEd0q9g,0,2,0
EHi-lebXGWjSktl4WvSoow,2012-10-09,KiMdj_wHI_zNC2yTRzr4TA,4,"Wonderful drink options, the food was pretty great as well",review,ofat_K13gHzuVXMcWiky3A,0,0,0
nRO4tRwimU12hg7Cnz__iA,2012-10-23,JIHEatfFn_85AbVZ14uz4Q,5,"we only came across this place because an acquaintance recommended it to us. I've lived up the street from this place for years and never knew it existed, it's quite the hole in the wall and easy to pass by.

The place was super clean and the owners did a wonderful job serving everyone in a timely manner and being super attentive. We felt so taken care of!! :) 

I thought the prices were a little on the high side but when they brought out our meal all I could say was ""WHOAH!"". The portion sizes were CRAZY awesome and my hubby and I could have really split one entree and still had some leftover. 

The food was fresh, the meat tender, the atmosphere pleasantly divine! 2 trips now and I'm such a fan! :D",review,zRnoNCqk0DG3iOQxtpVXug,0,1,0
zfY68t7nVihCwiCsCgM6cw,2010-08-02,7alZqpI8unRw6iXGAedn-Q,5,"We love The Olive Tree! We call it 'the grill' We eat there at least once a week - my littlest one has swim lessons right next door. Both my picky eaters love eating there! We love the chicken kabobs and the chicken shwarma(sp?). Family ran, great food we love it!",review,G-xuPbbcK5w27ZkSVtbtLg,1,2,0
r4AG1WXCRWkZKQctrcy9FA,2011-03-28,ucmeP6z1XbPdny5deBCHwQ,4,"I came here on a strong recommendation from a friend. After reading the reviews, I was anxious to try it out. I went on a Saturday night, half expecting it to be really busy. We were seated in about five minutes or less. Not busy on a Saturday night...made me kind of worried. 

The menu is sparse, it made ordering really easy.  Service was fairly slow considering the small amount of people in the restaurant. Refills were slow, service was kind of inattentive but not rude. Our pizza came out in about 15-20 mins. We ordered a white with garlic with pepperoni and sausage. The pizza looked and smelled delicious, but that's where it all went bad.

First off, the pizza crust was really soggy because of all the grease under the pizza. I have never ate such a greasy pizza in my life. i had to drain every single slice, it literally created a puddle on my plate. There was a significant lack of sauce on my pizza, some parts of my crust were bare, not even a hint of red on them. The pepperoni and the sausage tasted great and there was enough toppings on the pizza to justify the $2 price tag. 

The non soggy areas of crust were great, and the cheese was amazing. We ended up taking half the pizza home, the slices were filling. The pizza was better the next day, after the box absorbed most of the grease, after throwing away the pizza box, the bottom of the box was saturated in grease. I'm not sure if grease makes a quality pizza, but in this case it just made a soggy crust.

**Update** Under intense pressure I came back here and tried a white with chicken, they seriously redeemed themselves. I spoke to the manager and he insisted my last time was a fluke and should have been corrected. I would come back on occasion.",review,lZyVdWZcUd0Px9oJ-md3Fw,0,2,0
X5QTGpPfqXFtmtizsGAksw,2009-02-06,ImVihtUQfDKM8qobGM2VLQ,1,"Mucho Gusto es mucho mierda. 

Let me say first, that the place is cute, the staff is friendly, and the salsa is good. There. I'm not being a total jerk. 

The food, however, left much to be desired. I couldn't find much to like about my chicken tacos- they were ok, but the meat didn't have much flavor, there was no cheese, and they were pretty stingy with the guacamole and pico. What really got me was that they didn't come with rice and beans. Instead, I got a lovely pile of cheap bagged romaine coated in some sort of caesar-ish dressing. Sure, there were a few cubes of cheese and a tomato slice (A slice!) on top, but come on. $14 for a couple of naked tacos and a pile of romaine? For that much, they could have at least picked the white core parts of the lettuce out of my salad. Or, I dunno, sprinkled a little cheese on the tacos?

The story was much the same with the fish tacos, only the salad was different. The enchiladas seemed to be a hit, and those are served with rice and beans. the vegan at the table ordered a side of rice and beans for her meal, and they aren't kidding about it being a side. I think my cat's food bowl is bigger. 

They charge $1 per bowl if you want more chips. I know $1 isn't a big deal, but it's just the principle. I already felt ripped off from the entree, so the extra charge for the chips just made it worse. 

Needless to say, I won't be going back. There are far better choices closer to home.",review,N7lSh49zQ13sG3Jpa9E6cw,1,2,1
W0eocyGliMbg8NScqERaiA,2012-03-25,jqfNhsccqqG7SDaLIJ4-fw,3,"This place was kinda cool. We first got there around 9:30 on a saturday night. The place was dead... but that is to be expected for a ""night club"". The drinks are expensive, but tasty. The decor is AMAZING. The couches are comfy and there is just enough seating space without it overtaking the joint. We ended up leaving after 1 drink and went back a few hours later and the place was busy busy busy. They had great music playing and the dance floor was full. One downfall was, I hate when you go to a bar and the bathroom has an attendant that you need to tip. They are holding everything that you need... soap and paper towels. I feel that I shouldnt feel forced to tip someone because I wanted to wash my hands after I used the bathroom. Overall the place was decent. I am new in town and I am sure that there are better places to have a drink. I will most likely go back (in the future), just not in a rush to.",review,9IKE3JVdWasnvYkjclqXYw,0,0,0
7_zL7NX_rDFwhbLp98PwZg,2010-01-03,MNFvGY1zUVGQlImzqvMFQw,1,"10:30pm on a Saturday night.  My friend and I try our second attempt at sushi for the night (see my review of Pearl for the first).  Place is hopping.  We take a seat at the sushi bar.

The Waitress:  ""Are you girls going to be ordering sushi?""
Me: I have a sushi menu in my hand, ""yes.""
Waitress:  ""Would you mind putting it in soon because they want to go home too.""
Me: What the fuck, bitch. ""Uh, ok""

Dear Ra Waitress,

I'm sorry if I kept you or any other employess, especially since I finished eating my roll before your kitchen even closed.  It was completely ok to rush me, even though I had no intention of staying all fucking night and even though plenty of new sushi orders came after mine.  I was hardly the last customer in there.  There were people all around me ordering sushi, so I'm still unclear as to why you needed to rush me.  If you were in such a hurry- why did it take you longer to bring and process my bill than it did for me to eat your food?  Maybe it was because you don't know how to count, since you gave the wrong amount of change and I ended up having to tell you the correct amount since you couldn't count it on the spot.  I like Ra for the atmosphere, something you completely ruined.  Thanks for that.   

Sincerely,
Morgan",review,rjlb-7-JcmM6fR64ZpyTug,4,9,10
eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw,2010-09-13,ohRvx1j5aT-wjelz9NvbdQ,5,"Of course, they are no La Madeliene, but if you are looking for some good croissants, this is the place to be. I love, love, love their croissants. But which bakery's croissants do I not love? hmm... But I do love theirs. I have had the almond croissant, the almond and chocolate croissant and finally today when we went there, I had the chocolate croissant. It was just freaking amazing. That's all I can say. (They run out of the chocolate almond croissants pretty quickly so go early if you want some)

I have also had lunch here before, some Mediterranean sandwich stuff. The portion is very small compared to the price. Their macaroons look crazy and funky. Have not tried them yet but plan on doing so next time. I almost gave them 4 stars because their hours they are open are very weird. But its okay, I will compromise Essence Bakery. 

They only use butter imported from Normandy in their Croissants. Wow.",review,zhVOlwBuEgdGlHjwgVf3Jg,5,7,4
Lc-ZYyI83FpEe-8u_LSODQ,2010-01-15,ut_blvUWCj1COUK4MzC5Fg,5,"Went early  to North for the New Year's eve special menu. 3rd time dining here. They did not have to have great service or food on a yearly event, but as with the previous meals, it was outstanding. Hubby had the misto fritto, they always do the crisp calamari perfect. Enough just to make a special trip for it. I had the beef carpaccio, buttery and flavorful. The apple cider pork tenderloin was tender, moist and it was a huge portion. My hubby was stuffed but did not stop eating until it was all gone. Oink. I had the scallops. Always a favorite of mine. They usually have it on the menu and often in a variation as a special. We both had the hazelnut chocolate cake. Sinfully rich. We were both too full to eat but a bite and finished at home for the New Year's countdown. 
We really enjoy our dining at North and have been very fortunate at several other Fox restaurants.",review,35_ZCjAbIHr_YyvVipmkLw,0,0,0
qG3eRlKLXbnWc1unu-0Yjg,2012-12-03,P4OKoJr3rVaQTJaolUaiIw,3,"They don't have the lunch specials on the menu or tell you about them if you don't ask, so make sure to ask. The sandwiches don't come with fries and their fries are over priced for not being very good. The pulled pork sandwich is good and so is the sauce. Also, expect a long wait especially if people are ahead of you.",review,2a1wamxrn76LViwYCGH_rw,0,0,0
QkLraKf901i0MjluEuFFrw,2011-02-18,e3-r33taKS_rnD0_muo2Uw,4,"I've practiced yoga for years at At One Yoga and initially wasn't happy about their merger with LifePower. But now, after several months of going to LifePower, I think it's pretty nice. 

The facility is big and clean and very well kept. If you want to use the entire facility (the weights and machines) you have to sign up for a monthly contract. However, if you just want to take the yoga classes, you can buy them packages of ten classes. The ten classes can be used over any length of time. I like that because if I'm out of town or busy, my class package doesn't expire. I do wish they offered more class packages, like in groups of 25 or 50 classes, the the way At One Yoga used to do. Because typically the more classes you buy, the bigger the discount. 

The great majority of the yoga instructors from At One Yoga have come over to teach at LifePower. I've taken yoga classes in several places throughout the US and I think these yoga teachers are among the best in the country.",review,1gY1N3pkxTzh7kK4BxANyw,0,2,0
pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg,2009-07-01,vHWtx0-PM4R-dNDY7oK58A,4,"Tried this place for weekday lunch.  We arrived before noon and good thing since they have a big lunch crowd.  (not to worry, plenty of parking in back and seating outside w/ misters)  Kudos to Aric and Monica for stopping by our table several times to make sure service was great or they fixed it.  We started with the Bruchetta, which was piled high.  The we had the Smokey (arugula & smoked prosciutto) and the Marg pizzas. Almost had the Pabst on tap, but went for the Dunkel since its harder to find.  As if the food wasn't enough, the decor and ambiance was over the top.  The herb garden as you walk in and the bar with the salon chairs was a nice touch. 

Can't wait to go back.",review,c4hrMkMwuXL1yLGHreXh8Q,1,0,0
yVQiGdxmnrkJDyQXv2maNA,2010-01-30,JTQOJSfbC9fkuwkFALlYSw,5,"I was in Vietnam last May, and spent every summer in Westminster CA growing up, so to qualify my 5 stars, ""Woohoo! As good as it gets!""  I say to what's available of what I've seen in PHX area.  With that said, I've had the Bun Bo Hue, Pho Tai, Com Tam Dac Biet, Bun bi cha gio, and agree with what everyone said about cleanliness, freshness of condiments, integrity of broth ( lack of oiliness ), and general flavor.  The only thing that didn't rock my world was the bahn mi sandwiches- can't vouch for the assorted outsourced items in the chilled section either.  Besides that, If you want Viet food this is your place for the PHX metro area.",review,YbHL_lmvARxf0rz0WlVQPQ,4,3,1
pNJhovUsGAZ4XqG3lCU-5g,2011-08-01,XECV1AOPJ7Y90eTj3MRiJw,5,Staff was quick and efficient. Food was delicious.,review,X7aZqb1tjXhrJJjr12xY8g,0,0,0
rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ,2011-09-16,mMXJvXY3Ty8BHqsHR2bP9A,4,"I had dinner here tonight, and loved the entire experience! The patio was roomy, our server was quick, and the food was delicious! I ordered the Thai Cobb salad and really enjoyed the unique, healthy flavor! My dinner was priced fairly and I got a lot of food. I will be going back",review,jfdTS_6PVt5hox1BGnpI0g,0,0,0
IM-9thHqQbBK5tX5MfTzBQ,2011-12-09,xdAZPyB30_ifq2rEpg9m5w,4,"This is not very far from my home, but for some strange reason, I have never visited there.  Maybe because we don't have New York Deli's in Spokane, and I'm not familiar with the idea.

The other day, I agreed to meet my son and little granddaughter there for coffee and a bagel, and found that it is much more than just a bagel stop.  They actually have a restaurant with quite an extensive menu.  I had breakfast - the choices were very diverse - including skillets, various pancakes, bagels (of course), french toast, omelets, and a number of other items.  The servings were large, and the service very prompt and friendly.  Most importantly, the prices were more than reasonable.

The only thing that I disliked, was that they did not have hash browns.  They do have potatoes as an option with the meals, but you cannot actually classify them as hash browns.  They are good - but not quite a replacement for hash browns and gravy.

I actually like it so much, that I stopped and had breakfast two days later on the way to the golf course.  Again, great breakfast at very reasonable prices.  Although I usually don't eat lunch, I am going to have to make an effort to stop in and try their lunch menu. And their deli counter, and all the different varieties of bagels.",review,w_hcSjqLeSZQL9Rx1UP-Tw,2,1,1
tr4L9VWmPGZtdBD-L2Pofw,2011-06-27,yG3KN4kXO5uGQ9XJP-TH_g,5,"I tired they chicken smash burger.... WOOHOO!!!  LOVE IT!  Crispy chicken (not too think, not too thick) but perfectly crispy.  I ordered the build your own:  Egg bun, crispy chicken, mayo, and swiss cheese.  HELLO MAMA!  The smash fries were good.  The staff is always friendly.",review,_PzSNcfrCjeBxSLXRoMmgQ,1,1,1
eHcQzL5eebqvKrLW5q283w,2012-03-29,rk9YoJ4vA73O0YT9Z-0CUg,4,"I'm basically a chain-hater (well, I dont hate them, but I try to avoid them).
Capriottis is an exception.
This delicious sandwich shop has some of the best sandwiches I've  had for the type of establishment that it is: a chain sandwich shop.
The Bobbie, which is made of freshly roasted turkey (I've seen the big hunks that didn't get chopped), cranberry sauce, stuffing and a hint of mayo is fabulous!
The capastrami is a delightful combination of hot pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing and cole slaw, and wonderful in taste.
You can choose the size of sandwich you want, as well!
Capriotti's also has salads, and a host of other sandwhich selections, which are consistently delicious and fresh.
Their personnel are very friendly, the prices are very reasonable, and it can be the best quick sandwich you've ever had...you just have to go!",review,DfJ8B8T1fgNA6_ZT-aeUlQ,0,0,0
wyzV5-IKq9lfN8Upaf7KSg,2009-08-18,2chUwhEHn3ccWf8Ty3OZ3A,2,"Busy right after school which is to be expected...Wasn't very clean which is disappointing, especially for an ice cream parlor. We stopped in to try the new soft serve ice cream with sprinkles that turn the ice cream a new color. Don't know if the boy behind the counter was stingy or what, but the kids got only a couple of sprinkles that didn't even cover the ice cream which was disappointing considering they charge for them. All in all wouldn't visit this location again. We prefer the one closer to home :)",review,lkV_WCqCbpA5gUIHD6wtOw,0,1,0
rwQIBAM_kHtVl1Ks8Flexw,2010-12-09,ZxYgJkJSglJCkKPSX69oIg,1,"My significant other had a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com LOL. That could sum up the whole trip. I haven't been to many restaurants that participate with restaurant.com that are decent at all. I mean, I wasn't expecting much coming into this place, I shouldn't have expected anything here.

I was in the mood for some red meat, and sushi places do actually have decent dishes like teriyaki chicken and stuff like that sometimes. So, I didn't mind checking this place out since I do like a little bit of sushi on the side. The boolgogee, plain, simply plain. There was a salad with the boolgogee, but it too was plain. There wasn't nearly enough meat to warrant a price tag of $8, because the salad and rice probably didn't cost more than $0.50 to make.

Oh, the sushi? All of the sushi we happened to get were either super plain or super spicy. By spicy, I mean that there were just too many tastes going on at the same time and it was too overwhelming. I tried a few bites of the 3-4 different rolls we got. After I tried each roll I thought that I liked it but that the taste was too overwhelming for me to want to try another bite. We paid $18 for the food even after the coupon, and I honestly think that even at the price it might be a bit of a rip off considering you can get cheaper, higher quality sushi at Teharu.

This place is a rip-off for sushi in my opinion. Its not good enough to warrant the hefty price tag. The sad part is that the interior is very well done, if the food was actually good this place would be extremely interesting.",review,LHQ2fuC2RDS-Md_dN2O1IQ,0,3,0
I20sRbcEK8Ib1YFQFMoERg,2012-08-28,16dzcXqMp8AmR3D6uaEU8A,5,"I stop here every Monday night and negate two hours of spinning and yoga by indulging in Mexican comfort food. My wife swears by the carne asado tacos; the cheese enchiladas ring my bell. Although I phone in my order, the parking lot is always an adventure. However, the one night a young Hispanic girl celebrating her birthday in the restaurant's limited outdoor sitting area insisted I come over for a glass of milk and slice of her cake negated all the encounters with strange transients.",review,8WbBr6MRkW8dE9KUYA1yeA,1,0,0
iPxUYvC8tgt5rBr-IZlSeg,2011-04-29,pqD7t_YwRrVcbXcEKkicMw,4,Great fresh food Great people Great price... support your local businesses!!!,review,ZDZszqkVo3eowunOhWnktA,0,0,0
9HwUkbKAv7dO3MGlkkJJSg,2010-03-24,OVAWkPro1lbX9IWa7wQ7xw,4,"We had the luxury of eating here over the past weekend and what a treat. I had the 8 oz. filet (with the blue cheese on top) and my wife had the 6 oz. Both excellent! Side dishes (starch/veggie) were solid! We ordered the house wine (recommended) and also cheaper by the glass than other featured items.

Also, I am thrilled to see some of the newer restaurants coming to the area. Having lived in Carefree for almost 15 years...seeing it start to boom in addition to offering restaurants with flavor instead of simply Western decor really is nice.  

Waiter was extremely informative. I even joked that he could of probably been a voice over in some animated movie or tv commercial.

 Anyhow, thanks for a great night out. We plan on coming back next time we visit...can't wait to try the seafood.",review,MoyMjh4LsrfyP92KUYhvfA,0,2,0
29hR24tcAM3JZaXfA5xCxQ,2011-02-26,s6bb_CPHJWJu2Cb6QLehPg,4,"I've only been to the bar here. They make amazing mojitos with an array of different fruits. I told the bartender to surprise me when I ordered my drink, and it was amazing. She put a mixture of fruit along with the mint and it was perfectly mixed. I also had their spicy shrimp appetizer which I didn't really care for. So many other places make a similar dish, but much better. They also serve really good rolls with butter that come out nice and warm. The texture of the rolls are a little unexpected. I think they use tapioca flour as their base. I will definitely be back to enjoy their main dining cuisine.",review,9yX1qVa2PJtd-yx9M5xuFg,0,0,0
sNuyncpQdcvfEpfZS-3Yew,2009-12-08,ERsJvSA7P4Qf_xMNJBLk9w,5,"Pei Wei's has nothing on the fabulous food at TOTTS  The menu is awesome -- try anything!!  The owner, Young, is such a nice man and will always help you understand the menu or make recommendations.  In fact, one time we told him we wished a certain dish was spicier (we really like hotttt food), and he told us to just ask next time we were in and they would make it spicier.  Everything on the menu is fabulous, but some of my favorites are:

Sweet and Pungent Chicken -- all time favorite
Bourban Chicken
Twins Pork",review,6R8hguttwOdf2sZcBXmfSg,2,2,1
prVcY4xSK58PhmGm5iHu-A,2012-01-22,lXll-11JHE4VnzX1CxxLwQ,2,Order was supposed to be ready 20 min ago...yet here I am still waiting...not even busy!,review,hkXViVLvkR9-3QtTsWfTSQ,0,0,2
9OPheVf5o8sRcRHxJDl4-A,2010-11-07,JsM3I3WFvOF1mpwSQBm8QA,4,"My husband and I had our weekly date night.  Mamma needed to get her drink! We decided to venture back to Phoenix since there are so many new places we wanted to try. Even though it was fairly empty, this place looks like it gets busy later at night.  I loved my Lectric Lemonade, great way to start the night.  I loved the decor, and the setting above a Starbucks.  Very hip.  The only thing I would suggest to the owners is to reprint their Happy Hour cards, it said HH goes from Mon- Sat.  Bartender said is only Mon-Fri.  I was not going to let that spoil my night and I really liked the place.  I will be back!",review,8p4at4zdzCpueAmSBaorZA,0,2,0
TehSM5JrMRikSnjnnfulbw,2012-07-23,jCvIcxsakTUuciV8Ud1Dgg,4,"Yelp search for vegan food led me and my mom here nice little place on a beautiful golf course. Friendly, knowledgable staff made my inner server glow when they knew which plate went where. Quite a few vegan dishes, delicious local wines. I really dug that they took a lot of local ingredients and added a nice flair to their menu.
Glad I came!",review,OrjLY6sgLphGcI9Mq7rDag,0,0,0
maB4VHseFUY2TmPtAQnB9Q,2011-09-18,0xZVM5vcOuI5C_84WV_GyA,3,"Same Majerle's menu as the other locations.  Decent food (especially wings), but high prices for both food and drink.  Good service -- even overattentive on my last visit.  Great setup for watching football games.",review,oDnAAifb_2zj3Cekc5Kbeg,0,0,0
WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ,2010-07-12,fD2_M3N0Ojx7d1LZ4lNSMA,5,"As far as I know, I'm the only person in this town that has a dish named after them. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure I'm right. I mean, I'm always right.

By now, if you read my reviews, you know that I am vegan and I don't eat gluten. This makes dining out quite an issue at times, especially for breakfast/brunch. 

I really wanted to hit up The Vig Uptown for brunch because I like it as a Happy Hour spot, the space is incredible, it is within a bike ride from my house, and I love the Original Vig, but alas, there was nothing on the menu to accommodate me. I gently mentioned in person and a few times on FaceBook that having some sort of tofu scrambler would really improve their menu.

They listened.
They created.
They named. (after me!!!)

We stopped by for brunch this past Sunday for the dishes debut, and got a personal hello from Tucker. He was excited because they had already sold TEN AMber Scramblers that morning and it isn't even officially on the menu yet! I'm already a star!

So, whats the verdict on the AMber Scrambler? Amazing. Seriously. The thing that really sets this apart from other scrambler dishes is sun dried tomatoes. They bring such a delicious flavor! It certainly doesn't hurt that it comes with their signature guac and a side of pico.

I'll be here every weekend for the delicious dish and the $5 fresh squeezed mimosas! If you know whats good for you, you will too.",review,MWt24-6bfv_OHLKhwMQ0Tw,32,30,20
fF6m3qsD5blnwuZRuYhzWg,2011-05-31,YM5FYvVG2UyhcZx5ZZ9cyw,1,"I have been here a few times over the last 4 years and really liked it.  It was horrible on Saturday night (5/28).  I ordered the enchiladas with chicken.  When it arrived there were 3 tiny enchiladas with an ounce of cheese inside the soggy tortillas and the ""with"" chicken part apparently meant a few chunks of chicken would be tossed on top.  I was so disappointed, but starving so I ate it.  The guacamole was really disappointing too.  I don't think we will go back again.",review,TRl5jiNFI2m0wfH6CqO3_A,0,0,0
8lHJm7hAlfsUNbVb3YaSMA,2012-06-26,w-md1oI--bNnOwaBuroqXg,3,"In here for a sec but everyone seemed to be having a good time!  Live D.j. and enough room to be who u wanta be on the dance floor... there was poker going on in the corner and with a nice sized crowd. I liked the bartender chick, and she was fast for being the only bartender in there, and very nice.",review,a89BrWkaBblvdBGdFy1YUg,0,0,0
cjFDprdEXbDDdraONMy5Pg,2011-09-25,ZqW2Tq3o9HyvJPhsPHJctw,1,"NO.  Don't go. Don't do it.  This was my first visit and it was on a whim because we drive by it often.  

One other reviewer here made a wise statement - go the grocery store and buy frozen fish.  I promise it will be better than this.",review,gUXfVNgnNF9WU73T-d-FKQ,1,3,2
ikuXlYpFsaEs2xlvlopxQw,2012-06-08,oQiJM681Ar4ofjeumMiCIQ,3,"Friday night after a long workweek seemed to be a good time to treat ourselves to a new cuisine, so my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I decided to check out this Uzbek restaurant. The interior would be mostly generic in appearance were it not for the somewhat ornate Middle-Eastern curtains, and a TV screen playing Uzbek and Russian music videos added to the ambiance. Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu. For starters, we ordered Uzbek salad - tomatoes, cucumbers and sweet white onions lightly drizzled with a dill vinaigrette - and blinchik, which are crepes with a flavorful meat and onion stuffing; beware, the blinchik are rather filling by themselves. We also ordered palov and lamb kebabs. The palov was a dish of tasty seasoned rice with carrots and meat, and was quite a good choice. The lamb kebabs were juicy and flavorful, though the rice that came with it was on the dry side. A small basket of warm pita bread rounded up the meal. In all, it was a good meal, not great, but definitely satisfying. And I do hope to try the soup dishes next time.",review,m7vtKWpZ9wdEQ95wJxrMrg,2,2,1
yC3ydbHAJTZ22FZp4LynFg,2011-10-08,6A4tIsY9quLK9sQteYlO6A,2,"This is a tough one.  It's probably the best Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix area.  But that's not saying much, because the few there are here are really not good.  Compare Jeepney Bistro to one of the places in Filipino Town (Los Angeles), and they get blown away.

And, for the record, my wife is a Filipina.  And she cooks MUCH better than the chef here.  No contest.  A lot less grease/fat/oil, that's for sure!!

Also, their portions are a bit small.  Bigger than a few other places I could name, but still small.

If you really want some Filipino food, and you don't know my wife to beg some from her, this is probably your best option without driving to LA.  But don't form your opinion of Filipino food based on this place.  Go to LA and try Bahay Kubo Natin, or some others, and you'll get a much better idea of what the cuisine is about!",review,Mb0psF4WQF7gZSuZafVr-g,0,1,0
r2S4arkHyRcUroRhggMIoA,2011-08-18,jMyVC7PenC0ofcN4EH_8xg,2,Have tried this place a few times now we sometimes order it for everyone at work. My impression is that its a step up from Taco Bell.,review,8LAf67lQTjtsS98E55MYrg,0,1,1
zruUQvFySeXyEd7_rQixBg,2011-07-09,7w7GhplenAVDnG94uBl5Dg,2,"The ""Protein Pancakes"" are always a treat, but the ""California Eggs Benedict"" was just awful today.  The biggest disappointment were the hash browns though.  They tasted like shredded cardboard.  I am tired of going to a restaurant 20 to 30 times and getting such inconsistent results.

Shame on you US Egg!",review,XHNfuQjWz0A6wImE9NKNNA,1,1,1
MhkZLdUFaHt5SDcQcqOWQg,2010-05-12,OXMwfR9q3WcKyMbL4BA4Xw,1,"If you like sushi, go somewhere else. I was extremely disappointed in the quality of both the service and the food. 

I decided to take my family here because the other reviews seemed good; however, either my experience was an anomaly or the other Phoenix yelpers and I have stark differences in taste.

The staff had great smiles, yet lacked follow through. We had to ask for water and extra ginger twice. The sushi rolls were the flimsiest I have ever seen! Although poor in quality, they were high in price for what they serve. I'm not sure about the names of some of their rolls...one was named ""Climax."" Gross and just distasteful.  

The decor and ambiance leave you wanting. They have three different wallpapers hanging and the music is overwhelming. 

Even though this is the only sushi bar in Surprise, I will gladly drive to Peoria or Scottsdale the next time I have a craving for sushi.",review,LP0bl3GKToABt3lnpSvA2w,0,2,0
9Qt1pt0pk2VWz0chdGk-jw,2012-09-19,TivhzL_T8GSBQJteMPyfnw,4,"Good choice for dim sum. Prompt efficient service, good food and reasonable prices.",review,pQ6ij6cOBRB3yJGHbVZHUQ,0,0,0
Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw,2008-08-28,ZeIzJJMKRXiDEq-7bnCFQA,2,"I cannot stand this mall. They have some really awesome stores but the people who work in them are obnoxious. Most of the people walking around are snooty as can be, and everything is overpriced.

The food court has some good selection, but is always super crowded and you can rarely find anywhere to sit.

Parking is awful.",review,MWt24-6bfv_OHLKhwMQ0Tw,2,2,0
bAkVxrXzYO3772VF6o0_cA,2010-10-13,Hmwvw4vdgKjOLca1s0Ajnw,4,"In the world of Mongolian BBQ near my work, there are 2 contenders:  Stir Fry Paradise and AJ's Mongolian (formerly and possibly partially still YC's...).  I prefer Stir Fry Paradise because it has never been incredibly packed, and their meat resembles meat and not frozen tubes of meat shavings.  The small ""bonus"" buffet offers more food if you aren't crippled by all the food you crammed into your bowl.  I like the cream cheese wonton triangles, they rock the body that rocks the party.  

Yeah, they are a little pricier if you tack on a soda.  Just drink  water and then tweet to the world how progressive and off the grid you are by not being a ""soda drinker"".  I haven't quite gotten my ""sauce mix"" down yet, but that will come in time.  That's the beauty of these places, if your food is bland then the only person you have to blame is yourself and your lack of sauce mixing artistry.",review,5E193w76Qlhoi1gkyakW2A,2,1,2
nRO4tRwimU12hg7Cnz__iA,2012-07-19,-mEYVhqc0ixr7mQOsLg1CA,4,"Great meal all-around.  Was hoping for an authentic experience...and that is what we received from start to finish.  Really enjoyed the grilled lamb and chicken, with garlic sauce on the side, and a Turkish coffee to finish.

Service was attentive and friendly.  The staff was clearly proud of their food/restaurant, as they should be...

Highly recommend!",review,IfZShpNnoVXVGQXVQ3uDEg,0,0,0
y75baZnoI51J8WS7NK9FHQ,2012-03-13,c3-fAE-qWjgVNmjk29Vckg,3,"After reading multiple Yelp reviews on this business, I decided to come here for the greatest hits: Pizza muffins, Calzones and Antipasto salad.

I thought the pizza muffins were interesting and a great alternative to bread sticks or garlic bread. They were loaded with TONS of sausage and ham and came with 2 different dipping sauces. Although a little greasy and re-heated, I appreciated the novelty factor.

On to the entrees, the small Antipasto salad (5.99) was absolutely filling for a one person meal. I didn't find it any different from any Antipasto salad I have tried before, but I think people love it for the dressing - which had flavor but A LOT of oil (more than half of the total dressing). The ingredients were fresh but there is nothing out of this world about iceberg lettuce and dry mozzarella. 

The calzone was larger than a newborn baby and hotter than Phoenix in the summertime. Although the corners are mostly (if not all) bread the taste was very good and overloaded with tasty insides. The spinach ham combo my friend ordered was pretty satisfying and this meal could easily be split in 2 for tasty leftovers... if you can stop eating.

I found the teenage staff to be friendly and cheery but the bathroom needs massive help. Only one stall and really unpleasant smells, the female employee who had just left the bathroom as I entered left wet paper towels on the handles of both exit doors... covering the entire area for me to hold on to and pull. Just.... disgusting, especially from an employee who should be trying to keep the establishment clean and good looking.

All in all, good but not great. Its pretty affordable so if this is your price range, I think you can make it work and still have a tasty meal.",review,GRgBu4K7GOb3354esp_xkg,1,0,0
kgPjOtSeMd3CMdbnEmHbeQ,2012-09-21,CMgh3c7UTxpdWia-X7thuQ,5,"I've been to this location a few times, but this was by far the best experience I've had. It was two Sundays ago, myself and seven friends wanted to watch the early games and get some food and drinks. My friend called ahead and made a reservation. When we got there, we had a big table reserved right in front of all the TVs. Our waitress was very attentive, friendly and quick. They had a bunch of beer bucket deals that we all took advantage of and had a great time watching all the games, enjoying some beverages and eating some food. Their breakfast burrito with chorizo was fantastic and it'll keep me coming back. See ya next Sunday, Majerle's!",review,ZYBhxMZk32e6DF77jjprhw,0,0,0
iRg16D8dWjmv70NF68kgRA,2010-04-21,iRuWLIGR4GjBiO1v8nwFDg,4,"As far as salon-cafes go, this has got to be one of the better ones.  The sandwiches, while not particularly ground breaking, are thoughtful and assembled with quality components.  Also has a pretty good old-town ambiance.",review,GrSixRnGIxNUJ1Cn5DNX9A,1,6,0
qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ,2010-08-24,QoBtv02iWFXh3DbKRyKFkQ,4,"I've traveled to Phoenix several times for business trips and stayed at the Ritz. True Foods was my go to spot in Phoenix because it was right across the street from the hotel. I love this restaurant for the casual vibe and healthy food. My favorite dishes are the Edamame Dumplings and the Miso Glazed Black Cod. It was often hard to get out of work for lunch, so coming to True Foods at the end of the day was always a treat. 

I only wish they had one in San Francisco!",review,XAuBFVTB4WVZ4UL_6Mq4Sg,0,0,0
Vm9GQUptdZmBM9R7tZ9_Tg,2011-10-13,U8eRNtWV-sSYVktpO2fLSg,5,"Aside from the Macy's on 34th street in NY, this one is my favorite store.  They carry all my favorite designers, especially for work clothes.  Not to mention, the shoe department always the hottest selection of pumps.  There's a tiny Ukrainian woman that works in the shoe department, I love her, she is SO patient with me and gives me her two cents as she keeps bringing out the shoes.  

I wanna meet the buyer for this store and become her/his bestie.  They also have a personal shopper near the women's dressing rooms.  Not that I'd ever have the need for one but you might.  The sales people are always really nice and helpful.

On a side note: I once met this old guy who said he brought Janis Joplin to this store to buy panties when she did a show here.  I've always doubted that story but it never fails that when I go to the lingerie department I tell myself ""I'm standing where the late great Janis stood.""  She's one of my all times.",review,wFweIWhv2fREZV_dYkz_1g,6,4,4
41V_WrLzJErAkjAHbFrqsQ,2010-09-20,RIk_vWSoq5-1gakFKeqXZQ,4,"Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. Well the the place is new and the decor is well done and comfy . They have enough food selections to classify them as a super buffet. As far as the food goes it was all pretty good with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very good and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more happier with a name like happy buffet.",review,ohRev2g3tvXpV3gBnhC-og,3,3,2
_qTzOkbin2giDOrFsaxm8A,2012-08-11,yT-U-KH53ED2i8_Is9OGOQ,4,"This restaurant is inside the Baiz Market!  So, don't waste your time trying to GPS it- just GPS Baiz market!

Secondly, ambiance or quick service are probably not the reasons you'd come to eat inside an outdated restaurant on styrofoam plates.

The food, however, is pretty tasty.  They have a wide variety of items typical to Middle Eastern cuisine: shawarmas, falafel, kebabs, pies, and more.  They heat items up in an open oven and the food comes out very fresh and hot!

I tried the cheese pie and shawarma.  Both items were very good.  I still got onions when I asked for them to be excluded.  I suggest skipping their small beverage options in the adjacent cooler and going to the selection on the south side of the store for a better deal and variety.

All in all, it is definitely worth trying out, especially if you are going to Baiz Market anyway!",review,YsPqt0gxG60l0cJvHl_ylw,0,1,0
ke0BMVeaQf3lvwSzm-fPyA,2011-08-29,Pf2SlD40ciGs0qoMA2AdYA,5,"Toasted subs at their best..   The worst part of eating here is trying to choose one sandwich out of my four or five favorite picks.  And in the fall when they bring out the soups, I can hardly resist ordering the cream corn soup with my meal.",review,WW1MMZio1kZgqWzsagD-Hw,0,0,0
_1QQZuf4zZOyFCvXc0o6Vg,2011-07-17,kfkcMrTGjhMwSWwuyZ2XrQ,5,"First timers to this park on an early Sunday morning. Me, my bf, and our 2 old English bulldogs had a great experience. 

You can choose between the active or passive dog park. We choose active but also decided to keep our dogs on leash being our first time and all. 

We were immediately greeted by a woman and her 2 boxers, very friendly. We walked the perimeter of the park to get our dogs use to being around other dogs and talked to several people along the way. 

We did have a small incident when a dog snapped at our dog but no harm, no foul. 

Looking forward to bringing the dogs here again!",review,8U6I0GuBasZa9rapy2H-8A,0,0,0
9DsXB8T3UwBYiLPiLJJuNQ,2010-03-31,U2zZ5IoCERN8AXa443tiXg,1,"My husband and I went to Ernie's a few weeks ago on a Saturday night because it is within walking distance to our house and there is always a crowd so we wanted to check it out. We met our friends in the bar and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited. Still no-one offered to take our drink order. 

The bartenders and barbacks made eye contact but no-one came near us. We don't look like hooligans or ruffians or anything so it was irritating. The weird thing was there were people eating in the booths around us, and one or two other people at the bar (who had drinks.) We finally got up and left. Why waste money on places that won't take it! I won't return and will recommend my friends don't either!",review,QzA6ZW1NFid32_g_fsapIg,0,1,0
FUI-hWH_bpis7AKZTWenUQ,2007-11-02,RtNB0MtHiVaIDmgedeE_bw,5,"I'd have to say that among the restuarants in the Tom Jetland suite (Fez, Ticoz, Switch), Ticoz is my favorite because of its dimly-lit lounge-like quality, which provides it a cozier feel than the other two.  Add to that, the hypnotic Mojito creations and Ticoz is one of those places I could spend an entire weekend late afternoon at, as long as someone else drives, of course.

The tamales are fantastic and are more similar to corn pudding than to traditional hand rolled tamales.  If you get them with veggies, you'll find that the veggies are a little oddly cut for the dish, so I recommend some other topping.  The beef is fantastic (especially in the tacos).

All in all, this is one of my current favorites.",review,xYzXnIvyadwjcttO0D71KA,2,1,0
c1yGkETheht_1vjda7G5sA,2008-06-19,ZnViqu0FiDEjZbKiXJL8VQ,5,I love-love-love Green.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the food even better.   The people who work here are lovely sweet and very helpful.   There are far too few vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix metro area and this one gets my full support.,review,pk4y8PJdccJysYBpBA-gcg,0,2,0
ObnZiF99lqggVasgyGBtVA,2012-01-14,qgPDxS2WPx4XxkhQlf7U8g,4,"Cute decor-who doesn't like IKEA? Attentive service. We ordered a couple beers and the sweet potato tots. I decided on the Ahi burger and the veggie burger, and my sister went with the two sandwiches: PBnJ and the grilled cheese. Everything was delicious!!!! Unfortunately for us we arrived about 30 min prior to happy hour, but we managed to get a couple beers at the $3 happy hour price. 

I've been here once before and since then it looks like they added a few items to the menu. I'll have to go back to try the shrimp po-boy and the red snapper burger!",review,y5_vrqIylhXMrejM_-x_vA,1,1,0
I941jBn1KURuN-2wygJ_5A,2010-10-23,lFIMYqk6Sqje1vgMVWxRfw,2,"I booked a night at this resort hotel because my daughter had a volleyball tournament in the area, and they had a special for 50% off suites. I wasn't impressed for a number of reasons.  First, even after the discount the rate was $124.00 which included an $8.00 (normally $30.00) ""resort fee"" which included things that any other cheaper hotel/motel would offer for free like local calls. Second, for the price I would expect modern things, like maybe a FLAT SCREEN T.V.! Come on, they've been around for what, 10 years now? And a high dollar place like this can't afford one? Another annoyance was the fact that their high speed internet access costs $15.99 a day. I can get free high speed internet at any motel/hotel for less that $50.00 a night. Other annoyances include a t.v. remote that didn't work, and a shower head that was so loose that it almost came off when I tried to adjust it. I would never, ever pay $200.00 a night for this place, and regret even paying what I did.",review,QpC_Z-gOWeTwzq-NYPsoxg,0,2,0
-zcZNlO0JwZHppan8rGkBQ,2010-03-25,WT7BmBV0WTHw0MrXTY6C2w,3,"Food is a little pricer than standard Chili's, but it's in an airport so that's expected. Service was good, food came out quickly and to order. Be sure to stop by before you head through security.",review,RHWm_duEdCgWwtN1fBUkHA,0,0,0
GAPqG0WNBBidKeZTMpEZ-w,2010-12-27,DPhy3dRkmhiphPD57j7Vtg,5,"I have been here at least 10 times and have never had a complaint.  The staff is friendly, the food is great, the atmosphere is lovely.  

My favorites - the LB lavosh and spicy cottage cheese.

I will continue to come back to Local Breeze again and again!",review,yg9FlyXJcmrMAfqkXmVvDw,0,0,0
3HciJAVduCRoPDdzgh7cAA,2009-02-18,i7UwyQxJ1NqtiYSul5lICA,2,"I used to be an avid shopper/seller at Buffalo Exchange. As I work at a boutique, it was nice that I could bring in brand-name merchandise and get cash for it when I needed it. The majority of the staff knew me and were always very friendly. I don't know if it's new managment or new policies but things have definitely changed around there. After yesterday's experience, I will definitely be taking my clothing somewhere else. First of all, the service took way too long. Secondly, the ""buyer trainee"" was unsure on about every single item I had brought in and priced a couple like-new $120-130 tshirts at about $20. The attitude of the staff is quite off-putting and it kind of makes it seem like it's such a task. However, they red-haired girl who was working by the fitting rooms was very friendly & helpful. I don't mean to sound like a hater, but as I was quite a loyal customer it was  quite a disappointment, especially in this economic crisis where customer service has never been more important than for those who work in retail.",review,YavFbDG7DUOTXJBLxpq97A,2,3,0
Edj0quZE5k1WcAtf883j6w,2012-05-24,xpn7D5q7cVI1Bo_uimyJsA,4,It's just fun and I'll be back ! Very chill.,review,sfMHSAEaw2EuJJSdfE4hGw,0,1,0
fP-BPL6iRu2tbcvlnjRshw,2011-09-08,5GsLmUONOmz6tMpQeUidnQ,4,"Great addition to the CityScape lineup!  This is a big place with TONS of beers on tap, sweet cushy leather seats and friendly employees.  So far I've only been for happy hour, which is great because they offer deep discounts on local beers.  I'm definitely looking forward to sampling some of the food options.  
My one complaint - most of the songs we heard here (I've yet to see a live band here) were horribly outdated top 40 hits that I wish I had forgotten about.  Clearly that's a matter of taste though ;)
Looking forward to going back!",review,z06IHGXI_ofBc2DkAbCgnA,2,2,3
2CYIJPEd2SQ38khwuULvAw,2007-07-30,gAD5yGFxBvF46nuwVytiHA,4,"A total oasis from the summer heat.  This friendly and well stocked neighborhood library is never crowded, so you can alway grab a free PC or a free table if you're lugging your own laptop.  The selection of books and dvds are really good too.",review,8WQubmP7G0NM3IyzyMnCEA,0,3,0
K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw,2010-06-06,M6bpGGLsCKfNaiaTjaUiVA,3,"Arrived around 5pm one Wednesday evening. The place is not in a nice area of Phoenix, and it looked deserted, and I was going to leave, when I saw a Mercedes and Lexus pull up.  So I thought I'd give it a chance. The prices were somewhat reasonable, I got the Lo-Lo's for $11 (2 waffles, and 3 pieces of fried chicken). The food was tasty for what it was, but I only give it 3 *'s because its just so unhealthy.. kool-aid, waffles, syrup, and fried chicken! This is the kinda a place I may go once a year, but I just feel so guilty!  Not sure what the syrup was, but it certainly wasn't real maple syrup (I'd imagine it is some sugar based creation), and the waffles were dry. The chicken wasn't very moist, it was also a bit on the dry side.",review,zYgSDyEHVcMLRL1LLms7IA,0,1,0
9XX-sxaDFXlXO65WnuS65Q,2011-05-20,FBDIbRj5q14mrXJ0bz4ddg,4,"After reading the other reviews, I thought perhaps I would weigh in - they seem to be all over the place.  The critics are correct that the decor seems dated.  To me, having grown up back east with this very sort of restaurant, it was charming.  The restaurant is particularly enjoyable to visit at night, when they turn on the lights in the garden.  

I enjoy the layout of the dining room, although I agree it is a 'cooler' experience to eat in the bar.  I guess some people could be offended that the staff sit down and eat in the bar when it is slow, but I'm not one of those people - I think it adds to the charm.  

I had a very late lunch yesterday - around 3 - thanks to an appointment that went on forever.  So we ended up heading to Riazzi's for a late dinner, around 8:30.  At that time of the evening, the dining room was closed., so we sat in the bar.

Their service is truly one of the strengths of this restaurant.  On this night, they were unusually attentive - even for them. The waters came out immediately upon sitting down, then they took your drink order - as it should be. Neither my iced tea or water ever got below half a glass.  This is something I occasionally find annoying at places where the staff draws a lot of attention to itself when they refill drinks - particularly when it interrupts the flow of conversation.  Not at Riazzi's - they are attentive but unobstrusive.  

Their bread is my favorite restaurant bread in the Valley - hands down. It is actually better than the Italian bread I grew up eating back east in Hartford, New York, Boston and Providence.  It's so good that I wish they had loaves available.  You have to possess a lot of discipline not to fill up on the bread.

The salad is as others have described it - traditional, but fresh.  

My favorite item on the menu is now listed under pizzas and described as a Spinach Pie.  This used to be listed under appetizers as the Grass Pie, but if you order a Grass Pie, they'll still know what you mean.  It is a cheeseless pizza with spinach and arrabiata sauce.  Confession:  I love all things arrabiata. But this combination here is perfect.  For about 1.50 (I can't recall the exact figure), they'll add mozzarella to it, but I've never done that because it is perfect as it.  

They bring you a healthy amount of tasty parmesan cheese, so you can always throw that on the Spinach Pie.

So, I had that. Outstanding as usual. My wife ordered the Penne Primavera, which was very good.  Last time I was there with my daughter, she had the penne with garlic and oil, which I thought was just superb.  Simple, but perfect for a garlic fan like me.  I have a feeling most folks skip over such an entree in favor of something more elaborate, but I recommend it.  

We didn't have an appetizer, and even though I wouldn't describe the portions as enormous, they were generous and neither of us could finish our entrees.

Is Riazzi's going to be sexy for the young, hip crowd?  Probably not, although it is romantic at night with their lights and sunken/elevated dining room, and has the 'cool' factor of the bar.  It totally hit my 'nostalgic for the east-coast Italian restaurant' needs.  

I just wish the service at most modestly-priced Valley eateries approached Riazzi's. You can get spoiled with the bread and service over here.",review,UMJ-KT4fDYDwZKn_qkCpPw,0,3,0
cN6aBxe2mQvrQlzk26LyRQ,2012-05-27,i01x8QygrEUch4fiKIeuJA,5,"Heard about this interesting steak house from Lindsay, my Yelping 'go to' and I am grateful. What a fun night, feeling ""Mad Men' ish as we walked through the kitchen when entering the restuarant. 

Atmosphere was amazing and the food.... WOW. My fav had to be the amazing steak and bean chili/soup.... fantastic.

Steaks were our of this world and the mushrooms... devine.

When entering the restaurant we greeted by helpful eager staff ... with each one adding input into our experience.... especially Patti, our server. She was helpful, informative, fun and sealed the deal of a fantastic night. Thanks",review,GNlv9XPhj6P8Fk8Z0cnBrw,0,2,0
oJpmYvLibGrYPDvcaUeMOw,2009-01-03,TgzOFH61ZfnYPM_1ABnj0A,4,"Okay, eating Thai food in what seems to be an old diner is kinda weird.  But after getting off of long flights, my mother and I needed some kind of Asian food and quick.  The GPS was taking us to a sushi joint when we drove by this place and we immediately switched gears.

I give these guys major kudos for the portion size.  Seriously, I felt like I was still in Texas with such an enormous plate full of pad thai sitting in front of me.  And it was delicious--plenty of peanuts, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and they didn't skimp on the meat.  My mom's soup had to be improvised since they'd run out of octopus.  They asked her if she wanted to change her order or just double up on the shrimp and she chose the latter.  Sure, it was tasty, but she was really disappointed.  The fried spring rolls were okay, but they were tiny and not piping hot.

This was a nice way for us to start our trip and the food hit the spot.  It came out quickly and the service was quite friendly (though not quite professional).  I'm all about supporting the mom-and-pop shops and when the kids are working for the parents, I feel for them even more (been there, done that).  With a better parking lot and some remodeling to get rid of the weird diner feel, this place will continue to attract more and more clients.",review,eFY6bJpTcpZPXK_2tuOj_A,3,3,1
1nIf2BoKPoNHbQKbi-Izig,2012-08-08,CcAQODU1Z3-Q_GvqoZEP1g,5,"Fable III used AND looks brand new for $11?!  OH YEAH!  I'll take it!

I stumbled upon this place because our little cousin wanted to get a game, and he had been here before with his aunt.  

The place was filled with classic games all over the walls and even to play.  I'm guessing classic original games are back and in style again.  Plus they are just fun to try or have a flashback from the 80s.  

The store is clean, open aisles to walk through, great prices on the games and the customer service from Gary and Rich is phenomenal.  These guys were very nice, educated about the games, and went out of there way to make everyone happy.  Great job guys!  :)

All the high star reviews are true!  This place is SO much better than any other gaming place I've been too.  My husband loved it too.  He was a kid in a candy store.  

What a great find!  I think you should take a trip to this store, even if you don't play.  Get a game as a gift.  Just to experience this place, it is something special and unique.",review,S-07w5CJfDmEBTNZ9V-ycw,5,6,3
EzAen1_nwVuiWPKBj9HUpQ,2011-12-15,uh_lAl3fQ1JpyoXQRxYfpg,3,"Ive been to F&H on numerous occasions. The night usually goes a little like this..

  I walk up to the entrance, I see people smoking outside in a small fence area. I look over and see these groups are starring at me like i just blatantly readjusted myself in public.  I give them one more glance and realize in two hours we all will all be best friends exchanging pointless stories about our days when in reality I couldn't give a flying f*[% about their new kitten they adopted and named Bunbun. But in 2 hours I will thrive and cherish each of their stories and be amazed I never found such intellectual people sooner.

 Before I get to the door I feel eyes spying on me. I look up to find  one of 17 hostesses peering through the window ready to yank the door open a mere second before I reach for it. (you can't beat them to this..  Ive tried several times, they are good at what they do. Just prepare for this and accept it.) 

as I step inside my eyes automatically affix to the bar top. I scan up and down the row of seats. As I'm scanning down I see two empty seats. I'm not sure if guy code applies to bar seats like the bathroom urinals (guys.. You know what I'm talking about)..  But I usually just start the night off not giving a...  Because I already aknowledge the fact things are only going to degrade from here anyways.

 I start with a tall miller light and look up at the game playing on the TV's. I continue my beer almost empty then order some beer battered buffalo chicken tenders with extra ranch. I look into the reflection of my phone to make sure my face isn't suddenly disfigured because she looks at me as if I just asked for an order of wine and chive biscottes. 

I explain that I am looking to get the beer battered buffalo wings then she calls for backup like I'm speaking a foreign language.  ""Hey Lacey! This guy wants beer battered buffalo chicken wings"" they say some things, fumble a bit then come back with..  So you want ""chicken tenders and ranch?"".  I explain again to the both of them. They both tilt their heads to the side. Either this one beer slammed me, and I'm speaking nonsense at this point, or they just don't understand what buffalo wings are.   ""so..you want a cheeseburger and a side of buffalo sauce sir?"". They do a little further team planning and come up with a solution and I end up with beer battered chicken tenders dry as a bone with no sauce and a side of buffalo sauce. My friend getting the opposite  when we both ordered the same thing except he gets no buffalo sauce and a side of ranch.. I find it to bother me less and less each time because I expect it now.  

Their food really is good, and their service is...Did i mention that their food is really good? 

I look back up at the TV acting real smooth and care free only to realize ive been watching female tennis on the television next to me for the past 30 minutes while everyone eIse is attentively watching the football game. I'm not ashamed to admit that I continued watching it. I think it was the loud grunts that kept my attention. I finish eating, grab another beer and me and the friend approach the ping pong table. 
You need to go to the hosts stand to get the equipment. It's free. Wait no it's not..  It's a dollar. Nope that was last month. Now it's 9 bucks an hour. Better empty those pockets. Just remember every hour you waste playing you could have fed 27 starving ethiopians for  a month. But in your drunken stooper you chose to dish out the $9 like myself and play pool or ping pong. Shame on you.

PS.., beware of the twins...  I thought I was loosing my mind after a few beers seeing one girl cover the whole restaurant in a matter of mere seconds. If you ask  your server for something and she looks at you funny...  it's either because you asked her twin, or you asked for buffalo chicken tenders.
Also... if you stay late enough the cops hide and wait for you to leave the parking lot as soon as you turn out. But of course you have a designated driver... right?

Overall, the food I have ordered was great.
The service was...

the food was really good.",review,QIka-hRDjClBl2iT_5KLhA,1,1,3
VS6eeO_IxSW0pQOWPtXSEg,2012-05-31,H45iVLBPmJLymVWRC_zONA,4,"I really enjoyed my stay here!

We used a groupon and I will stay there again when I visit Arizona.  The rooms were very tidy, bath and body works collection available for shampoo and soap.  

I loved how the pool was open all night as well.  The pool and hot tub did need a bit of scooping because there was some debri in there but nothing terrible.  Towels were available as well as water too for the guests.

The front desk people were very pleasant and gave us an early check in no problem.  

My fiance and I wanted to go down to Mill avenue and were pleasantly surprised when the front desk said there was a 24 hour complimentary shuttle that would take us and pick us up.  The driver was very helpful with advice on places to go and also tips to keep out of trouble. :)

We went to Milagros for a margarita too, and the bartender was very pleasant and the drinks were not crazy expensive.

The hotel is very close to Arizona Mills mall and other places in Tempe.  It was worth every penny!",review,rVRmCNgpzj57N1VAiXk-AQ,1,1,0
s26P-jeVUH9TjnTPQttPag,2011-06-13,wZYa1Z7TOKO95jgmx9233A,4,"I have been to RA a handful of times for happy hour, and was always annoyed by the loud music and crowd.  

However, this time I went here for happy hour as a first stop for a Bachelorette party and I had a great time. The upbeat social atmosphere was great for getting the night started. The group ordered a ton of appetizers and rolls, and even a drink each, and we walked out at about $30 a piece. The elderberry mixed drink was especially good.

Normally, I do not pick this place for sushi happy hour because I don't like their quality of sushi and like quieter placed to relax with a friend or two. But if your going for a fun group atmosphere, this place is perfect. But only during happy hour, otherwise it is definitely not worth the price.",review,gjigz7a2hA5_XJeIxiwzTQ,0,0,0
qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w,2012-07-06,JmRsNK6lSO-_aAw-YnfWXg,5,I love this place I have been here 2wice and it puts of the others in the country to shame. I hope that I can volunteer here.,review,Hlhcx4gPu4jmTalbZLNc5A,0,0,0
3rUk-WyCv_wMQR5HbTqD4Q,2012-01-27,cS4GhqGKmz2YZ4_3Hdf5sw,4,"I'm so happy these guys are here. I work next door at Gangplank, and the previous sandwich shop in this location was okay, but really started to slide downhill. Planet Sub totally renovated the place (looks great), breathed new life into it, and came out swinging with a diverse and tasty menu. You can really tell they're working hard to make this a great experience, and the sandwiches I've tried so far have been excellent. Look forward to going back soon!",review,c3rGyts2bCr7NJ_561OpLA,0,1,0
tdcjXyFLMKAsvRhURNOkCg,2009-01-26,2VeokkuDaXaaIzCHCsBAYQ,4,"Brackin's is my new favorite day drinking spot.  The bar itself is located perfectly within a tucked-away area in the Old Town Scottsdale mall area.  The atmosphere is very relaxed, and when the owners swing by, they really make an effort to get to know you.  Prices are also very relaxed, with bottled beer landing right around $3 for domestics.  All in all, if you are looking for a spot to hang out with a couple drinks, maybe enjoy some live music, and do some people watching; I would definitely recommend Brackin's.",review,mQba83gB018LlGt51r80ZQ,4,4,1
Gwwdr4Z1edd2yHxqDdQEqA,2012-06-12,T1d3kEauRPHnoLshl-62aw,4,"I brought DD and her friend here today after a long day of Summer Camp and running around.  

We showed up shortly before 3 p.m. for their Pop In Playtime, which is supposed to be from 10 am to 5 pm.  

There are two rooms of bouncy house contraptions that are appropriate for children older than age 3.  I don't know if they have actual age or size restrictions, but kids younger (and/or small kids) would have a difficult time here.  One reason it would be hard for younger kids?  There are specific instructions for the contraptions which they go over with the kids before they are allowed inside.  Some have a max of 2 kids at a time (the obstacle courses), some have a max of 6.  One has a max of four, with three on the ladder and one going down the slide.  Younger kids would likely need to be constantly reminded of the rules, as they can be a little rigid.

Both my 4 year old and the 9 year old LOVED it here.  They both said they preferred it to Jumpstreet.  

The girls were bummed out when at ten minutes to 4 someone came in and said playtime would be ending in ten minutes.  Then the guy said if parents wanted to know why, we could approach him.  Upon approaching him, he said that two birthday parties were booked for 4 p.m., so they were ending Pop In Playtime early.  

Some parents were VERY upset, having just gotten there less than 30 minutes prior.  DD was very disappointed.  It took a little prodding to get her to put her shoes back on and get ready to leave after only an hour of playing.  

On the way out, some parents stopped by and talked to the shift manager.  She just handed out cards for another session since ours was cut short.  Pretty cool; we will use the cards to bring another neighborhood kid back with us.

There were JUST the right amount of kids here at this time of the day.  I cannot imagine how nuts it must be here on a weekend or during Summer mornings.  

Still, bring a book and some bottled water and sit on the sidelines... or do as I did and run the obstacle course several times on the insistence of the kids.  ;)  It was fun!",review,64YY0h0ZAR2nbzxbx0IwJg,1,1,1
LjqY98zL96sem_PxC6ZG3g,2008-09-09,bNY7MFACJolgMWI9_QaPXw,4,"Being a long time devotee of the Gelato Spot, I never gave this place a shot.  I must admit, the Marscapone gelato was very good.   I probably won't switch from Gelato Spot because parking is so much more convenient at 32nd & Camelback.  However, the next time I am out for a walk in the area or am in the mood for a sweet treat after dinner at Postino or LGO, I will definitely pop in.",review,e4TQFVfepzHf--hnBsjntg,0,1,0
NQhPkGeHiljeg7tXPTHJeA,2011-06-08,1SbCwpk6St8atpJeiBTaWw,3,"I haven't been to a Sweet Tomatoes location in well over 3 years. I have never been to this location before, but the service was good. The selections haven't changed that much. I was pleased to see they had strawberry muffins with strawberry butter. YUMMY! The salads are still fresh and good.
I wish they had more non dairy alternatives there.",review,FW4C9Hc-CR9tj112CCBCLQ,0,1,0
O02Z6r9mO3tORhD5ynWPeg,2010-01-02,OcJxquwk6W9HvVkhRdObvA,3,"Being that not many places were open on New Years Day, I decided to cruise around and see what was open.  Being that the bookstore wasnt quite open yet and had a horrendous line, I drove around a little bit to see if I could grab a cup of coffee to kill some time.

I pulled into the parking lot because theres several stores located in this strip mall, and have shopped at a few stores here before.  I found this coffee shop smashed inbetween other stores.  Its a very small shop, with extremely limited seating.  I will say I liked it here, and I enjoyed my experience for a lot of reasons.  Thier prices are cheap as all get out, which is great!  I got a 12 ounce Mocha for $3.24.  Awesome!  Service here was amazing and friendly, and I will gladly return in the future.

So why 3 stars?  there were a whopping 2 tables to sit at inside, and thats kind of a problem.  I also asked the girl about the internet, and she said the signal was in and out, and should be fixed in a few days after the holiday.  For me, a coffee shop is a place that I like to park at for an hour, plug in my computer, surf the net, and drink coffee.  I dont like sitting outside because A) I have no plug and my battery dies after an hour, and B) in the summer Im not sitting in the heat.  So, even though I would return for the prices and service, I wouldnt recomend this place for anyone who plans on staying for more then 5 minutes.",review,JffajLV-Dnn-eGYgdXDxFg,4,5,2
bts6jVczHJuWzpT8Y26UsQ,2011-01-31,lnofa2EfVjX3UXeRcFsa8Q,2,"This is one of those reviews where a qualifier is required.  It seems like everybody that gives this transit system a good rating is a Phoenix native.  That makes this, like so many other things, good for Phoenix.  The problem is that it's terrible compared to nearly every other metro system in North America and absolutely abysmal compared to more progressive parts of the world.

This is quite possible the slowest train that I have ever ridden in my life.  It seems to make stops every two blocks and it take far too long to get anywhere.  Factor in the terrible hours of operation and you're going to easily find yourself stranded at one end or the other after a night at the bar.

Please work on expanding the routes and hours, speeding up the trains and then maybe you'll be able to increase ridership.  I'm a huge fan of mass transit but this train falls far short of expectations.",review,f3LA83yEEBMj9q92H28O7w,1,2,1
eIxSLxzIlfExI6vgAbn2JA,2012-08-01,ewv4dzX4GlYCwZdyHOP55Q,5,"Loved it. Food was great, service was great. Not easy to find, but worth the search!!!",review,ksJmOji5HBELowhDLGm_3g,0,1,0
uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg,2011-01-16,H4npkWXgUV6UjtfOcKYAkA,4,"First time at St. Francis last night. Good menu selection, had an excellent server, good portion size and excellent meal.  I tried the chicken salad for dinner and it was tasty and just then right size.  They have provided a nice atmosphere with exposed brick, stainless steel tables, and just the right amount of lighting and music.  

Only downside was the backless seats at our booth. Very trendy, but somewhat uncomfortable. Ask for a table instead and you'll be fine. 

I'll return.",review,W7nkIA52ThKHnuNQF7EMnA,0,1,0
rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ,2011-01-13,nm-KyaVBNZJSEGYLLdt-EQ,5,"I'm giving Bobby Q an extra star in this update to my previous review, because although it has its share of hits and misses, it is, in fact, as good as it gets in Phoenix for great barbecue. I love barbecue. It is a hobby of mine. When I get stuck on something and want to know what it should look and taste like, I go to Bobby Q and am almost never disappointed. Most recently, this happened with beef brisket. I'm going to upload a picture I took of Bobby Q's brisket because seriously, if you look at it and don't want to immediately die from desire, then you just don't like barbecue. If I had anything bad at all to say about Bobby Q, it would be that sometimes their meats can be slightly overdone but this is not the norm. Their quality control, considering how much food they must serve to keep up with the demand, is astounding.  Their prices are too high, but of course, you're paying for the almost Disney-esque atmosphere. Their sauce is absolutely delicious (although it should be noted: they don't understand what ""spicy"" means). All in all I really can't say enough good things about this place. Go look at my brisket photo. Seriously.",review,A_VCj_m1zqW0gc0zSzQ3tA,1,2,0
gI4jThFNwy73SzaNvi-1dw,2010-11-25,_aQfc-QTRf13VkAWB5gDyA,4,"Second visit to L&L.  The first was at lunch with a group of moms second with my family.  The service was excellent which is saying a lot.  They didn't have to ask what we needed they surveyed the table and kept the meal moving.  Which I appreciated since we had the three kids with us.  This is not traditional chinese, so get the asian nachos.  They are a giant appetizer very unique and quite tasty.  EVERYONE enjoyed their meals and the happy hour deals are pretty good.  I see more visits in my future.",review,BEcT2wCP-G0LfkKZSlYdzw,0,1,0
eIxSLxzIlfExI6vgAbn2JA,2010-04-10,b01QqdMpIIaeEnMs_g92pQ,5,"Headed back to Lobby's. How I missed this tasty burger. I wasn't disappointed with round 2. The burger was still fantastic! I'm also happy that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip. 

With any burger purchase, getting the combo pack (fries/soda) is the smart choice.

I do wish that they would lose the styrofoam soda cups and offer more than one size of drinks.

Make sure to grab plenty of napkins before you sit down. The burger can make a mess with the homemade sauce dripping off the meat and bun. That's a good thing in my opinion!",review,9qCPmT6ovJjxL4tJB4ANCg,2,3,1
vSEFzop2GDXsIWTLxIGMiw,2010-08-06,we5T3NsdF_oPrbPBpMo31w,5,"Rivas helped me get through numerous late night study sessions and early morning hangovers!  Hard to go wrong with anything on the menu, but my two faves are the Carne Asada and Chile Rellano burritos...with fresh horchata, of course!",review,2tyadgcxcaEu5LWgLdwLAQ,0,0,0
_7EJtWjOjZsBUNRvzw-_Xg,2012-12-29,y2l9PqdeqUVeOex1Vg0QdQ,1,"Do Not Eat Here if you think a bathroom in any way has anything to do with the cleanliness of the food preperation.  There was literally dried smeared feces on the toilet seat and the floor looked like it had never been washed.  Of course the restroom cleaning check-list was not initialed the entire day. Oh...I almost forgot there were no paper towels to dry my hands.  I told one of the employess and he says ""I know dude"".  It's rediculous that the bathroom looks like this when you have 10 employess standing around with their thumbs up their asses gossiping. 

Burger was over-priced.  Milkshake was ok.  Also no napkins anywhere in sight on the tables or at the bar area.  Apparently napkins are something you have to ask for?  Whoever owns this place needs to get a better manager at this facility, because he is loosing money with all of the one-time customers who will choose to go somehwere else next time.",review,We7ULac-q9TAWOhiSozzrQ,0,0,0
byFWmwlVSmUj-AmM6NZYvw,2007-12-27,oS3wR-c59yIWUI1BLccv6w,5,"http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp
http://www.badmouth.net/in-n-outs-secret-menu/

Double Double Animal Style.

It is worth the trip cross country.  Well maybe not, but I do enjoy them while I am visiting.  I cannot get enough of them.

If you are really hungry: http://www.texasburgerguy.com/2005/01/16-x-tra-patties-and-x-tra-cheeses.html

The private stalled restrooms are always spotless and stocked.  4 Flushes.",review,wi2DEAkDI2AbVF4PBELEzQ,0,1,0
BINYfrtGp3A4w0d5E7kbYw,2011-01-07,Al1aLymjMR_wYiYcNR26CQ,5,"Soft opening, so still working out the kinks. Food was deelish. 
Scallop poppers- crispy and spicy; not at all greasy
Honey chicken-a little sticky but so good
Teriyaki chicken-subtler than other places' teriyaki, but much better flavor and chicken was tender
""tootzi"" roll- bursting with flavor and rolled perfectly
Nice touches with cucumber water, upscale Asian decor, unique glasses, menus, plates, etc.
Will definitely be back.",review,2lvfBteL5ny4CBjNIk9Mwg,0,0,0
Vx7-xbazum3dgo3Qj3i4pQ,2011-07-22,JW4SHInrrfdVKB_SpMOMjA,5,By far the best Mexican food in Scottsdale! Food and Salsa amazing! Service phenomenal! Great prices!!!!,review,m2Z-H8pgoEJwFDzB3wMWxA,0,1,0
E7nk0lC317pGxMX56gvaVQ,2011-07-24,wzYex5xd75KhPmun-PxHsg,4,"great happy hour.  always comfortable, nice staff. we'll return often.",review,6SP-1gM4JV1tXGEe1Tu45g,0,0,0
YDpzUg_np9KkG0702jACwg,2009-02-17,n5x6wuebwVL7_dQ4n5OCtA,5,"As a bonafide recovering Art Bitch, I give this university gallery the blue ribbon award for kickassery!

Truly a ""hidden gem"" (i hate that phrase) in Tucson, the collection and the revolving pieces never cease to impress me. I have brought almost every single tourist from the east coast to this gallery, including some photography professors, and they leave with snoooty mouths agape that in this pleasant little desert town resides a high-caliber, well manicured collection of the arts. 

I am always upset when I visit and I can't stop by this gallery-and don't miss out out on their catalogs, magazines, books, postcards and prints they have in the atrium as unique gifts/decoration.

Splleeeendid.",review,mfvezpz6ohS0NQk3DZdvqQ,1,2,2
3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ,2010-06-23,YQC9nn2l11vc-1ZZ5Y5frQ,4,"Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
8 Service
9 Atmosphere
8 Value

Love it.  The wines are good and they have drink specials ($5 glasses!) and the place looks great, and it's light railable!  The panini was good, not special, but the creme brule made me forget all about it.  And work.  And oil spills.  And life.  Thank god my body's innate intelligence didn't forget about breathing or bladder control.  Those stayed intact.

And the bruschetta what what!",review,eBwBjylS66qPcHs2_ajLag,13,12,11
-bd26a1QEEpqUZjBmtBUiQ,2009-01-16,DVW0IWm4wzRJ30kcWIivqQ,5,"This is one excellent Ethiopian restaurant, rivals anything I've sampled in Washington DC or Seattle.  If I lived in Phoenix, this would be a Top-5 restaurant for me (along with Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles - yum!).

Lalibela takes a slightly different approach to their menu.  Many of the entrees are offered as small portions ($4.50-$6.00 each).  They suggest each diner order 2-3 of these to make a meal. Kitfo and Lamb Tibs dishes are offered as full entrees and like many Ethiopian restaurants, you can order combo plates (meat combo, veggie combo, house combo plate etc.).  This made deciding on our meal a little more complicated, but also offered more flexibility for sampling different dishes.

Our favorite dish ordered was the Lamb Tibs (the spicy version with Awaze spice paste).  Lamb was soooo tender, and the spices were a delight - rich in flavor but not too hot for those with tame palettes.  Good thing it comes as a full order - four of us were competing for bites!!  We ordered a half portion of Keye Wott (beef in a spicy brown sauce) that was some of the best I've ever had.  Again, rich in flavor but not too spicy.  My favorite Ethiopian meat dish is Kitfo - choice beef sort of like steak tartar (servered raw or lightly cooked) but with Ethiopian spices.  Lalibela's was pretty good, just not transcendent like the Lamb Tibs or Beef Keye Wott.  The vegetable dishes were on a whole excellent - especially the yellow lentils, gomen (collard greens) and spicy (Wott) lentils.

Staff was great - attentive, helpful service.  Unlike some Ethiopian restaurants, this one is very user-friendly.  Although in some cases  the menu accommodates American tastes it doesn't compromise on quality or authenticity.  One note on the injera (sponge-like bread used to scoop up the entrees) - it's a mix of wheat flour and teff (a grain indigenous to Ethiopia) and I don't think it's fermented like injera that is made with 100% teff.  I'm used to the latter, but you can argue Lalibela's injera doesn't compete with the flavor of the entrees as much.

All in all, one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, and I have been to many in the States.  Only problem now is whether my favorite Ethiopian restaurants in Seattle will still taste as good!  Highly, highly recommended.",review,84XhBgCd2yi1OMuKp934zA,2,2,1
kgm46SAqlVObnRKjcyDMyA,2011-04-09,AKFBad2QYPgsZqCMiqJTSQ,4,"Sprouts is great, they have a wonderful selection of fruits and veggies and their sausage is made in house and really wonderful on the grill!  The grab and go meals are perfect for a quick dinner and the sandwiches and soups are spot on for lunch.  Very friendly and helpful staff.",review,o2J22OK7xXL-sDPzANxy5g,0,0,0
MU3i2uEyUBntebU6pEyMbw,2009-11-03,-1eV2qevYYKizDASJy8Aeg,4,"I usually don't review chain restaurants since I don't want everyone to know that I eat at them...but I have to give a shout to this location of McCormick's!  We were in Phoenix for a quick weekend and I had neglected to do any Yelp research before leaving, so when my bf found M&S from the concierge we decided to give it a go.  We had been disappointed with our last experience at the one in Dallas so I was mainly just hoping to have my hunger satiated so I could go to bed.

I was very pleasantly surprised.  We were hungry so ordered what felt like tons of food (don't judge!).  The mussels and bruschetta to start were great!  The mussels were small, the way I like them, and the sauce/broth/bread soak they were in was amazing.  I had the halibut stuffed with a bunch of stuff as suggested by our server, bf had the dover sole, both were good, but that dover sole was amazing!!!!  very light and perfectly cooked.  I wish I could cook fish like that.

We finished with some kind of passionfruit mousse dessert that was SO good.  I almost took another one to go.

The service was great.  I would go back to this M&S location anytime I was in town.",review,3Vsd6Rd4CHHFtjo7xIp7Lw,0,1,0
cgNIBHS2mLdbTRiodAT6EQ,2011-06-13,iuqN8zEjHt-G5anrYUG0_A,5,"When I moved away, these were the tacos that I missed! 

I stopped back today, and must say - it was exactly how I remembered!  The lunch specials are very reasonably priced at $5.99 and come with two items and rice and beans. I always get the hard taco - seasoned shredded beef, lettuce, and cheese in a deep fried corn tortilla - and the cheese enchilada. I could eat the rice and beans alone, both are so well seasoned and they definitely don't skimp on the cheese! The only thing to watch is that the red hot sauce can vary from visit to visit - some days it's super hot, others - not so much.

The wait staff is exceptionally friendly and always try to help me because my Spanish is so limited. The interior is large but very modest, there aren't a lot of fancy decorations - this is a place to come for the food and service and  not th ambiance. 

Still, one of my faves!",review,LdJFjb2w0yJOxH1_0JAqrw,0,1,0
vvMR0jgDoBA-g1XgZy8sEg,2012-05-26,7t866w_6pbrcVi0xk-y-TA,4,"An unclear menu and chalkboard signage, as well as lack of information from our server, lead to confusion.

Like most have said before, my friend and I were very pleased with the atmosphere at Tryst Café in terms of its decor and layout. However, information about specials on the menu and two separate chalkboards lead to confusion about what specials were available (given the day of the week and hour of the day.) When we inquired with our server, she didn't know and had to double check what was included, when specials were available and for what price. I'm not sure if she was new to this job or just insufficiently trained.

Fortunately, Tryst Café delivered in other ways. The drinks were sufficiently strong. My friend tells me her two glasses of Montpellier Cabernet Savignon (pictured) were delicious. My Tryst Pepino was fine, though was missing the mint garnish described on their menu.

The Humus Trio (pictured) was delicious and came with slices of fresh cucumber however, it did not come with the traditional side of pita bread which had to be ordered separately. The Steak Salad (pictured) was amazing and the chunks of meat were oh, so, tender and juicy!

I hope to revisit Tryst Café sometime soon. My only hope is that they clear up some of the confusion about what specials are available and appropriately train their staff to know what is actually included, when specials are available and for what price.",review,ltGh04bjEBhwItWVVG7UJg,0,2,0
Bjt3rB73dvSDe1XEPEWc6w,2012-07-07,tdadRAEJVveG3j177Miw_A,5,"Great place for Sushi, ordered the Musscles ( Caution very large order even with only four) Great wine. Ordered Eel Crunch Roll, Tuna Roll, Soft Shell Crab Roll. All of it was to die for. A little Gem.  Pricing is competitive not high or low. Environment is pleasant, service was wonderful and waitress was very helpful with suggestions and information.",review,m5-3onu1zp4l50V-PmZKgg,0,1,0
t4aP7ksa716XY6S4EsWFqw,2011-03-20,9Xq0YgW-H6mbB3dAddSibA,5,"Been here twice now and tried two different dogs and two sides. Nothing was disappointing. I have tried both the sweet and spicy dog and the hana dog. Both dogs were great and had very distinct high points. The sweet and spicy does something very rare for me and actually gets me to enjoy pineapple mixed with other foods. I this dog had great flavors all over including the dog itself which was perfectly cooked and the right amount of heat. The hana was just a stack of messy amazingness that had a real mexican flair. The bacon is the real standout adding the great bacon flavor and a crunch that gives the textures some depth.

The sides were good to. The chili is not some canned stuff and is good. The tater tots are just awesome though and nice crispy outside and that soft pillowy inside you crave.

If you want a gourmet hot dog this place is not going to let you down.",review,XeoAojoz5johV2MQ5ngNig,0,1,0
_TekkyyFeX_8MBepPIxuTg,2010-09-10,zzDtNQppArWnTVNZJrQEvw,4,"I love paletas. I found this place through Yelp and loved what everyone said. I grew up in South Phoenix and I do remember the paleta carts rolling around. Since those aren't around I had to find an alternative. 

I do recommend this place however for me $3 / paleta is quite high. They used to be $1.  

FYI: It's cash only.",review,rYG_FSHAdLp2BmkKKCt_IA,1,2,0
TMdHhDI7jYQ9206dtvrBgA,2009-10-05,egj6lfYCfSrkcrIPYw3C-g,1,"AWFUL.  Not sure it classifies as food.  Burrito consists of a flour tortilla and meat.  No salsa, beans, cheese, sour cream, guacamole.  Nada.  Plus they won't let you add anything to it.  Everything is as is.  The cheese enchalada had cheese but it was not gooey and melted.  The food was barely luke warm.   Service is also mediocre.  The salsa was gross.  It was super water down.  The best part of the meal was my Pepsi.",review,NsIoM2PlaL28E-jbrs4Zlw,1,1,1
vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA,2012-07-26,rIyJ3oWF79QzKOcsgkhRoA,5,"Best Cakes around!

This may sound crazy, but I've never actually been in this place.  But I've tried so many different things they have.  

My job goes through Karsh's for all the anniversary cakes, catering, and special events.  We get cookies, cakes, and other assorted pieces of heaven from Karsh's.  Recently, my coworkers wanted to try something different.  They got an eclaire, cake balls, and mini rainbow cakes.  The rainbow cakes are the best thing to ever go in my mouth.  I could eat those for days.  They just melt in your mouth plus they're covered with chocolate.  What?  Yes!

My friends also got me a Karsh's cake for my birthday a few years ago.  I wish I had a picture of it.  It was so pretty with a butterfly on it.  And it tasted amazing.

Though I've never been a paying customer and I've never walked through their door, I love this place and highly recommend it for any event you may be throwing.",review,S-07w5CJfDmEBTNZ9V-ycw,3,3,2
pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg,2011-11-21,vXNjIF49bZ7zFqEYgO5QTw,5,"This place does not disappoint.  I've been here quite a few times with coworkers and it's always a good choice.

Cute place - I especially like sitting on their cozy, covered patio.  

I hate mushrooms but somehow LOVE their fungi pizza.  I think it's the truffle oil that makes it amazing.  I've had a few of their other pizzas too, which are quite good as well. All of their salads are delish - you can't go wrong with any of them.

If there's just one other person with you, you can't go wrong sharing a pizza and a salad.

This place is WAY better than Pizzeria Bianco.

Will continue to come back here!",review,fJGWSgGsvb6leJzOuE2O3Q,0,0,0
NN2qs5B713vM6BDcMyrg4A,2010-12-19,kRqqxCp704DDaEPCp_NIpg,4,"We ate here for the first time this morning.  The food was better than average, the portions were generous and the service was both fast and friendly.  

After seeing that their sausage gravy is made from scratch every day, I had no option but to try it.  It didn't disappoint.  It was creamy and delicious but not overly greasy or heavy like sausage gravy can so easily be.  The omlette my husband and I shared was tasty and the veggies were fresh and plentiful.  Our daughter's pancakes were fluffy and perfectly cooked and very tasty.  

Anytime we do a sleepover at grandma's in north Scottsdale, this is a sure bet for breakfast!",review,2TX0Gv0k6ZtEfVyImcvnNQ,0,1,0
5_tsOGJQDDl9iKOr8K79Rw,2012-04-16,fItDI2tcihGFwY1HcvuKVg,5,"I'm not generally a big fan of burgers, but I love this place!  Their ""blu burger"" is amazing!  Bleu cheese crumbles, carmelized onions and thick, crispy bacon on an awesome onion bun, oh my!  I highly recommend adding avocado to it as well.  I can't speak for the other sandwiches because I love the blu burger too much to order anything new. Heh.

The zucchini fries are a thing of beauty AND they allow well-behaved dogs to hang out with you on the patio while you enjoy your meal.  They even brought my little guy a disposable water bowl!

I've also had great luck with their waitstaff, everyone is friendly and on task.  It's pretty busy on a Friday or Saturday night, but just perfect for a Saturday afternoon lunch.",review,6_W_Ym-DuBhO3DV9-nsJeg,0,0,0
X8dNaEFH7LWDt1ORmkfDTg,2012-10-18,Axonta0gPQLT1EIg-t9MJQ,4,"As far as Subway's go, this one is better than most than I have been to. I frequent this Subway quite often as it is the closest Subway to my office. The candor from the ""sandwich artists"" is always refreshing. You can tell most of them actually enjoy their jobs. Once I found a piece of plastic in my sandwich. You know when you open a bag of turkey and the edges of the bag are all tough to break open? A sliver of that ended up in my sandwich. The manager was quick to act and ended up making it a non-issue for me. I appreciated how he took charge and took care of it. Just another reason why I go back.",review,CM_vuEc6jKqpODm4hZJy8Q,0,0,0
BFNxp4o6gJEO5PjD13PFKw,2011-04-11,C7zBzY2ktDgJea7Iwqmhyw,4,"I don't come to AMC very often, even though it is the closest to my house, has great parking, good movies.  And there is only one reason....THE HARKINS $1 SODA CUP!  Listen, AMC, get something similar and you will have my business every time.  I can't justify going into a movie theatre and paying $4 or $5 for a soda.  So you know what I did?  I snuck it in in my purse.  Paid at the kiosk so never really had to talk to a person.  I'm going to do this from now on if I go there.  I have a new purse, soda cup fits great without spilling.  GET A SODA CUP AMC!",review,6ZXbTu3isjKoD42_iKOhqA,0,0,2
W-9YqWhkfeK-K3xGFvFeuw,2011-11-29,930PX8SNo5zxtlcJOio4ig,4,"After browsing at the Bookman's next door, we were feeling hungry and were tempted by the notion of tasty burritos.  We ended up getting non-burrito meals, but were fully satisfied with our entrees.  The green chile plate was filled with perfectly cooked pork with a spicy tomatillo sauce that went well with the pork.  The horchata tasted freshly made and was very refreshing and light.  Overall, I think Big Burrito is a good option for those that want a filling meal without breaking your wallet.",review,uZbTb-u-GVjTa2gtQfry5g,0,1,0
2W2AwR-5z_jQ0Ihg9A5cPg,2011-02-20,pK3RNF0-t9Wq5p7OJ_1huA,1,"THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!  It really deserves NO STARS!!!

You can only like this place if you don't know anything about Vietnamese food. 

What I tried...

Bun Bo Hue:  Broth didn't even taste like Bun Bo Hue.  Spicy but has no flavor.  Where's the beef shank or hog's feet?  You can't have Bun Bo Hue without the shank or hog's feet.  They use the cheapest cuts of meat.  This item was on their Daily Special.  

Pho Chin Nam:  The broth was super sweet.  You know what that means....MSG galore!!!!  Not even a hint of Anise star in the broth.  How can you specialize in Pho if you can't even make the broth taste right?

Service stinks.  I hate it when the waiter holds the bowl in such a way that his thumb is on the inside of the bowl while serving it.  The dude never refill the water, ask how things were, etc.

Vegetable platter was not fresh.  Bean sprouts were starting to brown. 

If you can't cook something why even bother serving it to customers.  I don't know about other entrees they offer but I won't be coming back to find out.  

This has to be one of the worse Vietnamese restaurant in the valley. 

Check out my extensive list of Vietnamese Restaurants for suggestions to better ones.",review,s7Tm9oYWqRlBm5ex2OQ1nw,1,1,2
53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ,2009-03-06,sMtaHs-QQPZIC-spZSJqbw,4,"Dined outside. It's a must do when the weather is right.
Fit's nicely into the 'Fashion Square' mentality an aura.
Great appetizers and they did a great job on the steak.
We'll go back again sometime.",review,QsWWVw4b2FBcg038q1w6oA,0,2,0
bgTB6MgdVQssXhkNJ7qIfw,2011-07-21,IcwlOBfr3lPLQ8BzhLdmIA,5,My favorite sushi restaurant ever! I love their ama ebi nigiri (sweet shrimp) and always craving for more. For this visit I tried their dynamite scallop roll and salmon roll (with asparagus inside) and it was so delicious makes me craving for more. The pork ribs were very delicate and it was melting in your mouth! What makes this restaurant to be my number one spot of Japanese restaurant in the valley was the sushi chef service is superb! They ran out ama ebi and I told the waitress that one of the reason I came there is for that ama ebi. The chef suddenly came back to me one hour later and said he saved one ama ebi for me!!! What a service!!!! I'm so thankful of this wonderful dining experience and will definitely become one of their regular customer!! Love this place so much!!,review,59pVYStY0yKpRmODFIfDww,2,2,1
mhQCxOiqp03qnhGRTtPduw,2012-07-07,PCjnn__E8AzNa2kXFXxTHQ,1,Horrible service.,review,rvaJcf5OIY2So_pkoqDHLQ,0,1,0
KHgRmDcFxi8neGVUWlZ2mA,2009-04-21,35CYe9pOd7LHM3Y65MRcfQ,3,"Sandwiches are pretty decent and tasty..however..

they don't include drinks, salad, just a small cookie on the side. We just ordered 2 sanwiches and 2 sodas, a little on the overpriced side, totaled out to $27 just for that. The sandwiches are gigantic or anything. just left feeling a bit hungry and disappointed.",review,uNbB1uR4EBhmygUc3IfPAw,1,3,0
SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g,2012-01-19,TjZX-IYOuJRpyC4mccjuew,4,"This place is fast becoming a favorite happy hour stop for my fiance and I. Service is friendly, the panini's are delish and the bruschetta is to die for. Anything with their yummy fig jam is amazing. I love the ambiance. Very casual, trendy and lively with great outdoor and indoor seating. I'd say service is on the slow side, but it's understandable b/c the place is always packed. They have  pretty good happy hour deals. I will say that the parking situation kind of sucks (valet only unless you want to park down the street). But other then that, I have no complaints and will definitely be back!",review,PJjZfTRsUhETBql9Of158Q,0,0,0
FX5mDx1QR31IoCZznjJJ5w,2010-09-03,VEkL4BbZstWHZSr77ZecBw,4,"Okay, if you're looking for a genuine Chicago Vienna Beef Red Hot or a NY Sabrett street cart dog; then you might not  understand Hot Dog Stop. HDS does sever Sabrett's but this is more of a gourmet hot dog place. 

The portions are very generous to say the least and very tasty. The folks who run the place are from France and have put their own spin on things. So if you're fixed on what a hot dog should be, then go to Luke's, or Al's or even A & W; but if you want 'something completely different, to borrow a phrase, then by all means try HDS.   

Enjoy!",review,1BW2HC851fJKPfJeQxjkTA,0,0,0
31bXixwy2GNmRlhpl21reA,2008-06-27,RwTwUsV1oPX_wARnRek-eg,3,"Fancy  shop with great kitchen items that I would use for our kitchen. 
It seems whenever I go in there their products don't work. 
Avoid ordering any of their coffee pots because we had to return them twice in a row. It seems like whenever we walk in there the employees don't seem to be knowledgeable about the products there. 
I give this store three stars for having a variety of kitchen items and an enchanting place to visit.",review,AQum4T1dROG2taFhCWNkDA,3,3,3
dewq6aevfoNFvJBqM7PG5A,2007-11-14,ZJxtTVD3WXlgSvCwrVh7lQ,2,"I agree with Chris L.; I was disappointed with the cafe.  Granted, I was looking for a college-type coffeehouse where I could grade papers, and this place just didn't have that sort of lounge-y feel that even certain Starbuck$$ have.  There was no background music being played, and even with my ipod/headphones on, I was distracted by nearby conversations.  I got much more work done at 3 Roots near campus.",review,FZXXSGOw4BBWmB7eyAGSnw,0,1,0
AgJbkqR-wre409if4fTbWQ,2011-08-02,TNjJ7gjtr7gjJ_LQDrCUIw,4,"I have been trying to reduce my caloric intake and found out that at Red Robin you can order a ""petite"" burger. It is smaller but has the same toppings you order on the regular. So for those of you that don't want to have a burger that is 1000 calories (yes they are and more with the endless fries) , try the petite.",review,KLekdmo4FdNnP0huUhzZNw,0,0,0
C_eWAEOvkHZ_IZYGwjtpmg,2011-04-25,QfdoE-XqEeCsttJH8g0ugQ,1,"I love Saddle Ranch for its casual night time festivities (including watching people ride the mechanical bull hehehe), but I cannot ignore the fact that the food was disgusting!

When I think of my meal this past Friday night, I think of two words: dry and cold. The spinach artichoke dip was just okay - a bit on the dry side and not very cheesy. The onion rings were just okay was well as the batter reminded me of the chicken nuggets at McDonald's, maybe even worse. The BBQ burger (turkey patty) was dry and tasteless as was the bacon. Really? It must take true talent to cook bacon tasteless. There are a few things that the menu has going for itself - a few very unique and fun desserts and drinks that I have yet to see elsewhere. I am fond of the giant pile of cotton candy and, though I'm not much of a beer drinker, the beer tower looks pretty badass.

For me, I came and will continue to come for the fun atmosphere, but I will definitely be staying away from the grub. Adios, cowboy.",review,yhGfcKunPjcy-v-1ppr6oQ,0,2,0
d6CUe9LjkFFqYtt7WuW5Lg,2012-10-11,9yy_AnOQwfmKQbf3Nv08mQ,2,"So I have been to the location in Tucson and now experienced this one and I have to say that I did not have a WOW or YUMMM drooling moment at either. Don't get me wrong it's not horrible it just has no wow factor at all to me and I will pass next time.

There is just better Mexican cuisine out there,,,


Service was promt though!",review,AeucYo8J-rZjcq09Wuqsjw,0,0,0
NDHhzgMrTzr_38md_R5WKw,2010-10-23,sRArf54Vmwr5yZjMUm3HCQ,3,It is a salad bar.,review,DU0F18NBXFZ-hsPOmGhzQA,0,0,1
wl51t6lT7leiX64SlkOx6g,2010-08-29,ANoUbOzGBp_OjAD9k-NBvA,5,"Love it, love it, love it! I have been eating at various Pita Jungles around the Valley since I moved to AZ over 6 years ago and I have yet to have anything that I didn't love. My favorites include the Black Bean Burger, Lentil Fetoosh Salad, all three hummus types, dolmas, and gazpacho, but everything is delicious, so you really can't go wrong! The Tempe location also has breakfast, which is amazing! 

Each location is fairly small, so luch and dinner may require a short wait, but its worth it. The prices are fair and the portions are huge! Don't be afraid to split a dish with a loved one.",review,zLToLBt6Yc1NjDvSphbP7Q,0,1,0
qIhBNeE64skjowRs6TTwJA,2012-05-27,7x5vVGa50eADM2f7cYN2Sw,3,"Check-in was fast and quick and price was right for what it was. A big upgrade over a discount property and super close to the airport. It does resemble a different kind of hotel in that everything was outside, but the room was spacious and generally quiet. The morning breakfast was solid and the only real minus was the shuttle's delay; some of the hotels came twice in the time it took this one to show up once. But save for that...a more than adaquate experience for an overnight stay.",review,Bv16boLVSNb_uGtZOQ-jNQ,0,0,0
_cG0BFYyHXcwheKXR5RRBA,2009-09-22,mY9xE7iJ1wnnZEH7FgqGIw,2,"What can I say... I am a bargain shopper! I'm not cheap, but I get more satisfaction out of getting a bargain than I do spending a ton of money for a name brand item at Nordstrom or Sax Fifth. That being said, sure you can find a pair of shoes you'll like here, but the selection is simply OK, and its usually full retail price. Most of the time they have a two-for-one deal or get the second pair half price. Still, its never really any kind of sweet deal.",review,iBO2m9xXivsIbvFnZHsNvg,2,2,1
So1Z7tydx4QqTLSp91Mjug,2011-04-26,fPxUlWm095ETJ84dRYn1-A,5,"I know Kerrie through my networking and we benefit from her presence.

I have not needed her service's and most of us don't plan on needing an attorney. But I am always reminded by a tagline that Kerrie often mentions. 

""People in crisis need company, Droban & Company"". 

How very true. When that time comes, and in these troubled days, it WILL. You will need good company. I would look for Kerrie to help and so should you.",review,1gspFi59uDO00PSM5LMlhQ,0,0,0
1vYaGPKQzMebBJXFCGTH2g,2010-06-23,_oN_enidDDD8MbR3naOsRg,4,"Love this place! I wasn't sure about it the first time, seeing that is in a strip mall, but like the saying goes don't judge a book by it's cover. 
I order the CHICKEN W/ GREEN every time and have not been disappointed. EGG ROLLS are wrapped in thin egg roll paper, spicy, & delicious. MANGO CHICKEN & CLAY POT DISHES are also excellent.
Independent & yummy.",review,dUAsWWDh5AzwGOGoh3XEeA,0,0,0
cdwHgELA2puX2DNfwSt5EA,2012-02-05,rWi4x7gXd3HabS1eJwB0hQ,5,We had brunch at El Chorro today and it was wonderful. The patio was comfortable with the umbrellas and heaters. The service was outstanding. The food was delicious. I had the creme brulee french toast - it was carb/sugar heaven. Everyone else enjoyed their food. The eggs benedict came out perfect. The BLT looked awesome. The fries were delicious. We will definitely be back.,review,Z4xZrZi_AMtOR6I24dPrHQ,0,0,0
PXmR1MgOAWB066XH20HjxQ,2009-03-15,0CzS1NdUoypjA0lXuQ4WDQ,4,"Thai food is one of my favorite types of cuisines. I have been going to Thai Rama for over 5 years now, and they are always consistent! this place is a little, hole in the wall type. (those are usually the best)
Whenever I am having a thai fix I usually order the same items. Sometimes different... But not always. 
OK..
1. Thai tea... the best in the valley! 
2. Pad thai with chicken... level 5 - 5 is usually med spice but to some ppl its very spicy... you can always lower the number to a 1 or 2 and it'll still be just as good.
3. Yellow pork or chicken coconut curry with potatoes, onions, carrots, & pineapple.... level 5 again.... my fave
4. There's one more beef dish that is absolutely delish! But, I forgot the name. Basically all it is, is thick rice noodles and thinly sliced beef stir fried.. Kind of like a chow fun but better!

Oh and I would also like to add that they have a very friendly waitstaff and pretty good service.

If you like Thai, check this place out!!!",review,JwqH67LU6ARuKiLjaOhPNg,1,1,1
W8WyVVxinyRjzP8gJa7ILg,2009-01-20,lgrfMIvhkCzclg5KEharjw,5,"I have a fond place in my heart for this establishment

I've been covering my all white meat rice bowls in their sticky spicy teriyaki sauce for 10+ years

I've lived all over the world

I always crave three things when I'm not living in Phoenix (or the USA)
1.  Skim Milk
2.  Mexican food
3.  Tokyo Express

Now pay attention

If you like spicy food and teriyaki sauce, here's what you should order

An all white spicy chicken teriyaki bowl
5 extra sides of spicy sauce
A small salad
2 extra sides of salad dressing

Ok, so I REALLY like sauce.  Really.

This place makes me want to cry I love it so much.",review,PShy2RYNadDUhJf4ErOJ7w,1,1,3
iV7D7fHKb-bF9fCL_bEMtA,2009-04-22,WjkBCWy7pu4U2-3PbvM0bg,5,"Cork is an enigma.

What makes it enigmatic is how damn good it is... Too good for Chandler and maybe too good for the valley.

The portions are just right, and anybody that tells you otherwise is a fat ass or a glutton (I'm 6'3, 200lbs. and I was satisfied).  If you want large portions though, go to their lunch/brunches.  I've been there twice and had The Lamb Chop, which was amazing on all levels, and I've had some serious lamb in rural Bosnia, which has been labeled the best in their country... sure enough cork's stood up blow for blow.  The other entrée I experienced was the buttermilk fried chicken.  I was so amazed by the lamb the first time, that I had to try something more ""simple"" in order to qualify their food in regards to regular places.  Let's just say the chicken was not regular, it was outstanding.  The appetizers are crazy good... can anyone say king crab legs?

The wine selection is top notch.  the booze selection is killin, and they even make this amazing Italian lemon stuff that's like 90% alcohol.  make sure you have a designated driver, because this place will inspire winos and boozers to indulge to their fullest.

Go to Cork, because it's that damn good!",review,l81ILmOhky5bG7o4r3rkhQ,8,12,6
OY76JYsWn1rhb6Te2BE5Rw,2011-08-19,9IhdGx6Z4OUYXW9oPrPuXQ,5,"Went to Yogurt Kingdom for the first time tonight.  It was perfect.  Lots of flavors to choose from.  My favorite is the Tart Vanilla.  But I got a large cup and tasted at least 8 different flavors and I enjoyed each and everyone.  I wanted to go back and get some more of the Tart Vanilla but my husband gave me one of those looks when I suggested it.  You can either eat inside or outside.  The place is decorated so cute.   There was a very cute and well mannered girl to greet us and told us how it all worked just in case we had not been there before.   They offered to give us any samples that we might like to try.  There was a gentleman there who turned out to be the owner.  He was very kind, friendly person  and glad that we stopped in.   The bathroom was very clean and the entire place was tidy and well maintained.   We will be back very soon.  I would recommend this place to others that like yogurt.  You won't be disappointed.",review,haYHbLXLX2cmHq1wQAEtfg,0,0,0
DgOAOO10ibNDSX7S_7L1Ag,2010-11-18,76_25c6pOWVCGGN6IaiZUQ,4,"Went there with the Wife. Lots of stuff for the ladies. I would lay off making any real purchase here on my own, I would of course consult the Mrs. In regards to what she might like. Way to tough to try and pick something out in here (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, etc.) that is the stuff for the ladies to decide on. Nice place, very friendly staff, warm, and inviting one to buy.",review,DwU7KVfebA70AlVtX0iOWw,0,1,0
hfl62LX14YqNpG0g0Tj6_Q,2012-02-27,2hvg6T-sCh7upAe17Jxs3w,5,"I find it hilarious that someone would reference this place as being terrible,  compare it to (overpriced and bland) Humble Pie, and in the same breath say it was the best chili relleno you ever tasted.

 I can't vouch for the chicken tacos but most street tacos are nowhere near packed with meat. By definition they are usually very tiny with onions,some guacamole, a little cabbage, and some small cuts of meat.  I can say the tilapia tacos are tops(large filet on each) on the list of my girlfriend's quest for good fish tacos. I can say the pork nachos are the best I have had as the pork reminds me of Los Dos Molinos in a small way. The empanadas are excellent as well.

If you go for happy hour you can get two empanadas for 6 bucks. You can also get 2 large fish tacos for 6 bucks. Would you like some awesome tortilla soup? 4 bucks.
If you get the dinner version of the emapanadas with a large portion of some of the best rice and a side of black beans I think it sets you back about 11 bucks. I have also had the chili relleno and it is the best I have tasted as well leaving me to wonder with the single review you have for anything, why the venom?

I learned long ago to ask for what is recommended for before you order and if someone recommends a place try what they are harping about first. When I asked they said the chili relleno, pork, empanadas, and red sangrias. Guess how my dining experience went? Try ordering tacos from Los Dos Molinos and you will leave pissed. Order the green chili pork and you will drive 100 miles for it.

I do hope you give it another chance I have honestly never had anything sub par here in my 7 or so visits and they seriously could charge way more for quality than they do.  I agree that Main Ingredient is great also, that's why I took the time to write about it. 

But to reiterate:

11-13 dollar for most dinner items besides new york strip(on the list to try), is not pricey

happy hour has most items for 4-6$

street tacos are not bursting with meat

ask what is the best thing on the menu when you order some place then you can write it off all you want.

Humble Pie  was more pricey and not worth it, All it does is take up parking from a much better place next door. For a place with the reference to pizza in it's name you would think it would be better, it tasted like peter piper.

I would love to know what a good chicken taco is in your opinion, I cant think of any besides maybe the California tacos at the now closed Chuy's, but the ones my sister ordered from here were full of chicken and topped with a nice chipotle/ranch like sauce which is similar.",review,9g_ARKx0eJmNH8oO1TR9rQ,0,0,1
T1EfT96sCrn_UUWQMhzB5w,2011-10-31,UMjqZj-SJ25VnLyB3EV4ug,3,"A coyote ugly knock off but a cool place. The ladies were friendly and there was one who could dance her ass off. Dayum!! Seriously though, I was the token black chic  and had a good time. Except for the one lady that seem to attach herself to me. Weird to say the least. Overall a cool place.

Be warned, do not attempt to take any pictures in this place. They will hunt you down and stop you. Especially if the ladies are ""performing"" on the bar. A big no-no!!!",review,4E_nPWw89FLFHdNsEgMH-g,1,1,4
VsrvWdZL2993olnW3z8R3A,2011-08-20,GW5D1Dv1Uc8X0_-yf0pzPA,5,LOVE Five Guys!,review,FYdLG8vxUfhqd6v-QQHRkw,0,0,0
AOLx-xr0JsFhle4K6xRHfQ,2012-04-13,P2Ff78O44LEFLImqHhdAGg,4,No more dinner hours! :(,review,xXxoYIsbfXFK8BKndCcnZg,0,0,0
nBfusVbqwul0BU0Rcrlelw,2011-04-29,eqfiKLq1hy1cBZ5WOK0BLA,4,"This place is always one of the first places my husband and I go to, once we are in a city that has one. Having lived in Phoenix for around 10 years, this has always been one of my favorites. Recently they have added new rolls and sushi to their menu, and I must say, Great job!",review,V_jAm6IC-nthgZiNn5OkIw,0,0,0
SIzUsf5x2RSkPwJS--A4Rw,2008-04-03,wVNxD3WQ_IdKifz3M_fG8Q,4,"I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F.  The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15.  The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor.  The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around.  The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon  was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor.  The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass.  In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8.  I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...

Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special  no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter.  Entrees are in the $$$ range...",review,J72XoQspNBmPsX2iKl2YvA,3,3,1
EGiGWZp_zSqdeftiFQ7MbA,2011-06-13,OvsDIpdK5T4G81NUzWAkTA,5,"This is a great Mexican food restaurant. I eat here for lunch once a week and have never had a bad meal. The ""Asada y Enchilada"" is my favorite dish. If you are an avocado lover like me,  this is the place to go. I always order extra avocado because they have the best and ripest avocados I have had anywhere.",review,fi5y6-daDzTIQ7wOKaR7xg,0,0,0
Zh_y9AmSfWZpR2JB9wye-A,2012-05-19,MCHvLpzHO6ByEcZ74lCVBg,2,"Are there food that is NOT-true ?
OK... I got it, food has to be true to the original taste ... which mean it doesn't always taste good, I supposed .... 
Had the Shrimp spring rolls .... Turkey Bolognese ... could be true to the ingredient but not true to the dish of how it should taste.... 

Fit very much in the north scottsdale vibe .... 'look at me, I only eat healthy, organic, true and whole food' ...  which actually could be a good thing ;)",review,sUTQfzzxxc2c3g6cFH19pQ,0,1,0
QCxXYA13PtkD3wec47_r8Q,2012-03-14,V2N2TCqnaqMYfg7zXGG-Rg,1,"""Hipster,Trendy"" ????-I think NOT !!!! Very disappointing......weird crowd ( older men on the prowl? ) , and unfriendly bartenders w/ lots of attitude. I've given this a few tries thinking I just hit it on a bad night , but won't be going back. So many other great places in Scottsdale to visit !",review,JEQ6el2-tLtKJU6k_SpE-w,0,2,0
24V8QQWO6VaVggHdxjQQ_A,2012-10-18,q4qgrm3h6JHh27MrIKPjWQ,2,"Stopped here for lunch with my BFF today.

Nowhere to park, forced to valet, meh...

Love the atmosphere here: classy decor, beautiful patio. Everything on the menu looked delicious. I had a hard time choosing between many foods that I love: crab cakes, goat cheese, crepes... I wanted something lighter so I ordered the oriental chicken salad. In the meantime, our drinks were brought to the table. BFF pulled the spoon out of her iced tea to find that there was some leftover peanut butter still on it. The question is: who left it there? Don't know. Gross. This was pointed out to a server (not ours because she had not returned to our table). Our server brought out a new iced tea. She was polite, but not necessarily apologetic. 

When our meal was delivered to the table, BFF pointed out that there were tomatoes on her sandwich (she asked for no tomatoes). The server said that the other server probably grabbed the wrong plate. She came back from the kitchen twice to tell us that the new sandwich would be right out. So, I sat with my salad and waited to eat until BFF got her meal (It took a good 5-10 minutes for her new sandwich to come out). 

BFF raved about the dressing on her side salad. My salad was fine, but nothing to rave about (especially not for $13). The ingredients were fresh but the ""shredded chicken"" that was described on the menu appeared to be sliced chicken breast. To be honest, I prefer shredded chicken which is why I had decided on that particular salad. DISAPPOINTING.

The server arrived at the table to ask if we wanted to order dessert. We replied, ""no, thank you"". And she said something like, ""oh, come on, are you sure?"". Again, we declined but I really think she should have offered us free dessert after our bummer lunch.

The topper? 1 valet guy and 6 people in line to pick up their cars=a 10 minute wait just to leave the place. 

I would hesitate to come back, but that menu is just so damn tempting.",review,Sr-wB9G8KflQjbAS8Q3HQg,0,0,0
NKMyRG-hK6_HNMlckY7Hxw,2010-06-26,6alV8DjOE0vWNMJvuFG70w,3,"I prefer this location to others in the valley.  Except for afternoon rush hour.  Dont go there between 3 and 6.  Unless youre a senior citizen, then its ok.  Youll fit right in.

I went for dinner and cant complain.  its your basic buffet, it seems like it has a larger selection than Ryans or JBs and the food quality is way better than both of those.  The brisket and beef tips were great, the only problem i had with the place was the wal mart environment (crying kids, way crowded, people acting like THAT steak was the last one ever made, etc) and i did make the mistake of going during grandma social hour, but aside from that, ill go back when Im craving 10 different things at once, which happens often :)

Dinner buffet for 2 runs a little under 30 bucks with drinks.",review,eEo1W07PkjR0jLRkMF5m1g,0,1,0
7tPe20uDErh-iSkfNEWzVQ,2011-01-26,b0NnnjzhDmI7feVNzniZ3w,5,"""So Jimmy, tell the class what you saw at Sweeties!""

""OK, well, I saw lots of candy. Old-timey candy and cool candy and neat candy. Lots of it. Real lots.""

""And I saw people walking around with baskets and talking about candy. And talking about candy when they were little.  And talking about what candy they should get for their kids.""

""Oh, and I saw Turkish Taffy, Maple Bun Bars, Fruit Stripe Gum, Moon Pies, Cherry Mash, Mary Janes, Valomilk Candy Bars,Sen Sen Packs, Goo Goo Clusters, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Flipstick Lipstick, Licorice Pipes, Zero Bars, Twin Bings, Look Bars, Abba-Zabba Bars and U-No Bars.  And that was only a little of it.  And lots of other stuff.""

""Teach?""

""Yes Jimmy?""

""The coolest teacher ever would take her class to Sweeties.""

""Would they?""

""Yes.""",review,P2kVk4cIWyK4e4h14RhK-Q,14,15,16
62F17L8z4Q4S7U_TayuDBA,2010-03-13,oTm0bBYcbgoMPJloZUpUwQ,5,"Standard Mexican fare - but quite delicious.  Pitcher of frozen margaritas was yummy, too.  Fast and friendly service.",review,TnTkd3MKoIOKqrsPDzhiog,0,0,0
4FBHwaMtMQ_x8RQoI2T-jw,2012-02-01,c4hS0F6S-Z42yOTbm3rptQ,3,"Taco Bell/Pizza Hut combo on Dobson and Southern. Typical taco bell food and service. Lunch is very busy at this location because it is within walking distance of MCC, Pima Medical Institute, Banner Desert Hospital and a gazillion apartment complexes. 
Parking is easy, but this shopping center is very difficult to get in or out of during rush hour.",review,LX3cTVaS8f2UF0Uuafsfug,1,0,1
uEJQSIjWui-TDWXaGlcqyQ,2010-09-01,-2oWwvRjNEHNDa4TWVlbAA,5,"My profile says....

My Last Meal On Earth: Chicken and Waffles

Lo Lo's is the reason why.  Everytime I visit Arizona, I make sure I hit this spot up.  I usually order the 'Lo Lo's' meal which comes with 3 pieces of fried chicken, with 3 waffles and a scoop of butter with syrup.  YUM!  This meal would not be complete without ordering their super delicious Sweet Tea which is served in a glass jar.  

There are two locations, one in lower Phoenix, and the other in Scottsdale.  The one in lower Phoenix is the original location.  However, it's much smaller so wait times could vary.  The Scottsdale location is much bigger,  so dealing with long wait times should not be as big of a  problem.

Winner Winner Chicken Dinner, Lunch and Breakfast please.",review,EDN_wou8EEkuaj5Pd83cQA,2,2,1
06kfoeRs9Acj82Yl3i9p_w,2012-09-08,VmQvN5b1cCJ3iSB8vteygg,4,"Great breakfast place and much better than Panera. Tried the lemon pancake....mmmm very good. Also had the portabella sandwich....too much on tomato but still good. After eating my gf let out a big burp in front of everyone.....well done. 
They have some breads that you can buy here as well.",review,iJUVamUkqL6VfEMfyQoujw,0,0,1
seu8O6yPQ5Yz8kQv-KFnKQ,2007-03-27,0HFGMJP6omYRFLiFt4pW3Q,3,"I can understand why everyone loves this place-- who wouldn't, right? With so many choices of cool, creamy gelato? Well, unless I am just very unlucky and visited on a bad day, this Gelato Spot has gone steeply downhill. My husband ordered a strawberry-kiwi flavored and I chocolate peanut butter. We both agreed: the gelato tasted grainy, with noticable ice crystals. And worse, the flavorings tasted like they came from a bottle, not fresh. IMO, this has become more of a place to see-and-be-seen -- not savor good gelato!",review,lC4X2crUuxT9Ac9BlOX4Uw,3,4,3
h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw,2009-09-05,h0ggxmYzSkmlThpG85Frmw,4,"*cut to scene* Friday night, lounging around discussing the lameness of the evening, ready to indulge in a new adventure. six pack of Newcastle sits untouched in fridge and bellys aching for fulfillment. yelp.com search reveals a local japanese eatery nearby. 

enter, Hana.

first off, pre-game excitement for this BYOB, local, fresh sushi spot. Newcastle in hand, my friend and I strutted in here at around 8pm on a mildly warm Friday night. the place is jammed, and a couple parties stand around waiting for tables. great, a long wait. nope, two seats open at the bar. sat down, and our beer was immediately taken and put in a fridge to ensure it wouldn't lose any of it's remarkably smooth quality.  first beer is poured, and the excitement ensues. friendly and welcoming server devluges us in the specials, and unfortunately they were out of most of their fish as they have been for three weeks. toro and salmon were our options, so we went with a special for the night, the spider roll, and the vegas roll. also, edamame to start.

the food was superb. the edamame came spicy with a side of chili flakes and siracha for our never ending quest to burn the shit out of our mouths. a second round of newcastle was brought upon when our first was finished, and the sushi came shortly thereafter, looking like little pieces of art. both sets of rolls were enormous and came about 6 to a plate. the vegas roll was packed with cream cheese, avocado, and salmon. the special roll, the spider roll, was full of crispy soft shell crab and just enough spicy-ness for a much needed kick in the mouth. one dip in my wasabi/soy sauce concoction was more than enough.

our third and final beer was poured by an overly-anxious and over-stimulated, presumably newbie, bus boy. I had about 4 inches of head on my beer and my friend got hers spilled and nearly twice as much head.  he excellent waitress we had made up for this guys slips during the meal. the staff wished us a nice farewell on our way out, and I felt as though I had just left a very close friend's house. 

I will definitely be back with more six packs and good friends to share this little diamond in the rough with.",review,HY9qpAamqLXFoa7xMwNntg,1,1,1
aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw,2010-04-13,WLuZQj97BuzNs1bTkPThtw,4,"The drinks here are great, and the baked goods are even better. There is a nice ambience about the place, lots of nice furniture. I love how the baristas make the lattes and cappucino's beautiful. The owner, Jeff, is also a great guy who's around quite a bit. The only criticism that I have of it is that the place is small and if you're coming out on the weekends, you need to get there before 8:30 AM otherwise there will be no place to sit.",review,cOfNTptaK6p5oUq5_ROokg,0,0,0
oWb5JjxoPaFSmpGwJ3-Ntg,2011-08-31,2LvAos4wAPJynDsdl8dRUg,3,"In a hurry in the Phoenix airport and saw Blue Burrito Grille. Ordered the Big Blue Burrito with pork. Unlike a previous reviewer, I got a LARGE burrito with plenty of fillings including some very tasty pork. The salsa was also very good. Their website says that the burritos come with chips and there was a huge bin of them on the counter but alas my burrito came sans chips... which I didn't notice until after I was on the airplane. A good place for a quick Mexican lunch but make sure you get the chips.",review,8DBCh1ykGdM71X25KNXiZg,0,1,0
L9UYbtAUOcfTgZFimehlXw,2009-07-31,F9KzEFjAtbWr3h8toNtDgw,5,"Treats: We tried the cookies (chocolate chip and chocolate truffle) and would have to give them 5stars. Delicious!  
Breakfast: Seems like they changed the recipe for the turkey maple sausage so it now has an odd herb flavor and less maple flavor, but tried the flattened meatball and liked it so might switch to that option. 
**If you go, be sure to check out the bathrooms. Each one was decorated uniquely by a staff member, and  the sinks are shared by both genders. You also get to see how very clean kitchen the kitchen is as you walk to the bathrooms, so that is a great bonus.  Overall, a great non-chain place for unique and delicious food.",review,2lvfBteL5ny4CBjNIk9Mwg,0,0,0
ttpZx2t4fMAApdU9MFG91w,2012-07-20,rR322HOBSV2JSY6omtNoPw,5,"I first joined 24 hr fitness about a year ago, and I have had nothing but good experiences with the staff since the first day that I came in.  The people behind the front desk have always been very kind and attentive to my needs.  If I ever have a question or concern, it is always promptly answered or dealt with.  Some of them have even taken the time to learn my name and greet me as soon as I walk in the door! It is very impressive and makes for a very pleasant experience. :)


On another note, I have been training with Trace for about 6 months now.  My goal was to lose a little bit of weight and tone up my body, and I could not be happier with the results! In 6 months I have lost 12 lbs. and I look and feel amazing! He is incredibly knowledgeable about training and nutrition, giving his clients hard workouts as well as meal plans.  Trace is the total package!

**TIP: Try Trace's boot camp on Wednesday evenings at 7:30.  They will kick your butt!!",review,iPnpD62l5LUL7WXaI3SJFA,0,0,1
qNqvJIH4_KENAajUfRZKoA,2012-10-29,UoxTfwbLylXWpwrn8tYEeQ,3,"I thought I had reviewed this location already?  Weird.  The one closer to the mall is a total hassle since it is crowded with no parking so it is much better to go here instead (even if you are actually shopping at the mall).  You all know about the food and you either love it or you hate it but I just like this location since there is usually not much of a line, at least in the evenings.",review,VPXgY9lGJF3XC4ZpusxNuA,1,1,1
HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A,2010-06-07,TrFMPwWeaCWu8yDVWVkYwA,3,"I have never been here before so I didn't know what to expect.  Every time I heard the name ""Duck & Decanter""  I would picture a nice sit-down joint with waiters and pictures of hunting stuff on hunter green walls.  This is certainly not the case I realized upon entering.  It is just a sandwich place that also sells a bunch of random bric-a-brac.  It is all basically picnic stuff I think.  I dunno...it was real difficult to get a feel for the place.  It was all pretty random to me.  But anyway, about the food....

I ordered ""The Duckling"" sandwich was is one of their ""signature sandwiches"".  It seemed like a good selection because the name of the sandwich and the sandwich itself had duck in it and so does the name of the restaurant.  However, the sandwich was just ok.  Nothing special.  Not worth 9 bucks.  just a few slices of meat in between 2 pieces of bread.

All the sandwiches on the menu did however look interesting.  They are definitely not your typical ""sandwich place"" type sandwiches.  Well some of them are but they all have that special Duck & Decanter twist.  The have some deli type sandwich selections as well but I would prefer to just go to a deli for those.

My wife ordered the chicken salad and it was very very good.  I would order it if I ever visit the place again.  She ordered the Sonoran with spicy oil & vinegar.  It was very tasty and no mayo or any of the bad stuff.

The service was very friendly but I took a long while to get our sandwiches.  There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place.  I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the  lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food.  Luckily for me I went on a hot Sunday afternoon.",review,rLtl8ZkDX5vH5nAx9C3q5Q,0,2,1
qhIlkXgcC4j34lNTIqu9WA,2011-03-16,qu7tpZFxaPSxiuIgFiiYlQ,5,"Leah, the trainer, at Dog House Training Academy is great. She's friendly, knowledgable, and makes herself available via e-mail or phone should you have any questions. Her knowledge on dogs is extensive, and even though you're just paying for the class, she'll gladly offer up advice on any issues you may be having with your dog. The classes seemed simple enough to me, but there was a client in my class that just wasn't picking it up at all and blatantly disregarding her techniques. I was impressed with how Leah handled the situation and the customer. She's very thorough, and always explains why she does things the way she does, and why it works. So there are no questions, and it's always made perfect sense to me. With the quality of service, and the knowledge that you get to tap into while you're training with Leah, you just can't find a better deal out there. Her rates are competitive, and she offers referral discounts too.",review,RKxsZo6XkRU-0y1JgqqsBA,1,1,0
R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw,2009-09-26,gP17ykqduf3AlewSaRb61w,5,"This place is super cute lunch joint.  I had the sloppy joe special and it reminded me of a home cooked meal back in the day.  I ended my meal with a classic vanilla milkshake which was superb.  Oh yeah!  if you're in a hurry for a quick good sit down lunch, this place is it.  our food came out SO fast.  I will be returning shortly.

You also MUST check out the vintage clothing/ furniture in the room next door before you leave !",review,mtoKqaQjGPWEc5YZbrYV9w,0,0,0
JOZqBKIOB8WEBAWm7v1JFA,2008-07-22,QI9rfeWrZnvK5ojz8cEoRg,5,"The staff is great, the food is great, even the cappuccino is great (had my first one today).

i work close by and I have a choice where to eat and it's very often Acacia for breakfast and lunch.

A few of my favs are:

- Chicken Salad Sandwich
- Southwest Ranch Salad
- Omelets

Enjoy! (maybe I'll run into you there)",review,uBAMd01ZtGXaHrRD6THNzg,1,2,1
OllL0G9Kh_k1lx-2vrFDXQ,2012-10-23,U23UfuxN9DpAU0Dslc5KjQ,4,"Yay, even though I miss living in Coronado I am glad to be back at the Melrose America's.  If you have read any of my reviews you know how disappointed I was with Coronado America's rude service that I boycotted that particular location.  

Now that I am back around Melrose I can once again enjoy Happy Hour Tacos and drinks, or their delicious breakfast burro and cochata.  If 7th St let you down try 7th Ave.",review,Gh1EXuS42DY3rV_MzFpJpg,0,0,0
XHr5mXFgobOHoxbPJxmYdg,2009-09-28,udMiWjeG0OGcb4nNddDkBg,5,Wow!  Went on a Sunday around 11am - busy but not packed.  Roomy and comfortable.  GREAT food.  Bacon meaty and tasy.  I had the french toast on recommendation and it was fantastic.  Great atmosphere...just an all around great place.  We were in from LA for a baseball game and wanted a non-chain local place and found this place on Yelp.  Glad we went!,review,yRYNx24kUDRRBfJu1Rcojg,0,0,0
cdacUBBL2tDbDnB1EfhpQw,2009-12-16,bVU-_x9ijxjEImNluy84OA,2,"If Cowboy Ciao is the best restaurant in Scottsdale then Cafe Carumba has to be just about the worst. This place is terrible. I went here with my family, and not a single one of us enjoyed our meal. The ""handmade chips and salsa"" were clearly store bought, and each of our entrees were consistently, blah. Nothing new or intriguing about any of their dishes, and the food just wasn't all that great. 

With so many great choices in Old Town, why would anyone ever eat here?",review,V9Uqt00HXwXT6mzsVCjMAw,0,0,0
EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw,2007-10-20,g4LsVAoafmUDHiS-_yN4tA,5,"When I lived in Phoenix, I was a regular at Fez. My friends and I probably averaged twice a week, and there were likely weeks when we were there more. The atmosphere is really wonderful, a rarity in Phoenix. The food is very consistent and almost everything on the menu is unique and flavorful. I must agree with some of the other reviews, that the waitstaff is very hit-or-miss. I've had wonderful service and terrible service, and there are times when I've had to go and ask the bartender to send someone over to our table to take our order... as regulars, in particular, I wouldn't think that this would be something we would have to deal with. That being said, there was one time when they were understaffed and the manager was very apologetic and even sent us a bunch of appetizers free of charge as an apology... so I haven't personally experienced the attitude that others report. I miss Fez... now I live in San Diego. When I go to visit, it's always on the itinerary, every time, usually as soon as I land.",review,TLj3XaclA7V4ldJ5yNP-9Q,1,1,0
iDYzGVIF1TDWdjHNgNjCVw,2009-09-11,bKjMcpNj0xSu2UI2EFQn1g,3,I was looking for chile rellenos and this place does a great job of making them just the way I like it.  Flavorful and not dry.   Also had the chips and salsa which I did not think were anything special and you have to order them unlike most Mexican places where it is expected at the time they serve the drinks.  Flan was unimpressive.  I think I will go back for the chile rellenos and head down the street to Carlsbad Tavern for the flan (theirs is my favorite).,review,2tUCLMHQKz4kA1VlRB_w0Q,0,0,0
iDYzGVIF1TDWdjHNgNjCVw,2012-10-30,qaNZyCUJA6Yp0mvPBCknPQ,5,"Why did I wait so long to try this neighborhood hot spot!  Having a father who grew up on Los Olivos I remained a loyal customer, that is, until last evening's change in plans lured me to the colorfully lit and lively patio of Los Sombreros Authentic Mexican Cafe & Cantina.  I am not an expert on ""authentic"" Mexican cuisine nor will I pretend to know what  the flavors of San Miguel de Allende taste like; however, I am a foodie so I know good food when I eat it.  

We chose to sit outdoor and enjoy the beautiful weather while taking in another Cardinal's loss!  (Sad, I know, since they were off to a great start)....  Lucky for us it was a calm Monday night and we had the full attention of our waiter, aka the bartender.  Phil (no need to blush if you read this) did a wonderful job walking us through their many margarita selections while also conveying his personal favorites that showcased his love for whiskey!  My friend allowed Phil to make his margarita as he felt a fine margarita should be made while I allowed Phil to concoct my special margarita while following strict no sugar, no salt, heavy on the tequila preferences...and that was just to start!  Perfectly crafted margaritas in hand, check.  Now what to eat for dinner.  

My friend ordered his beloved Mole poblano ($18.95) while I couldn't decide between the Smoked chicken enchiladas with salsa verde and chipotle crema (yumm) and the Pollo a la parilla with spinach in a chipotle cream sauce -or- tinga Poblana sauce($18.95).  I opted for the Pollo a la parilla with chipotle cream preparation and, once again, my dinner friend had 'order envy'!!  That's not to say his Mole was par (or dare I say sub-par) because it wasn't - it actually has received many culinary awards being named ""Best Mole"" both locally and nationally, but because the chipotle cream sauce combined with spinach, perfectly sautéed  chicken breasts and a side of warm corn tortilla is....AMAZZZZZZING!!!!  It's also fair that I note aside from the pricier entree dishes served w two sides (as we ordered), they also offer up tacos (3 at $10.95), various quesadillas (@ $5.95) and other lesser priced authentic eats including fresh guacamole, salads and more!  

Deciding I'd save room to see if they could satisfy my sweet tooth I boxed my remaining dinner as we read through each and every dessert.  Undecided, again, and so we trusted our gastronomy guide, Phil, to choose.  He selected the Mexican Chocolate Cream Pie to finish off the evening, and we happily finished off this delectable treat leaving one bite as I always like to do!!!   

Thank you, Phil and Los Sombreros, for the memorable dining experience.  The food was outstanding, margaritas made by Phil are the best, and the patio alone is enough to draw me back for HH or even a late night dessert.  Thank you for staying in the neighborhood, Azucena Tovar, and congrats on almost turning 20 years old.",review,Id-8-NMEKxeXBR44eUdDeA,3,6,3
9Y3aQAVITkEJYe5vLZr13w,2010-04-01,ZoTUU6EJ1OBNr7mhqxHBLw,5,"This is the place for a fabulos breakfast!! I have friends who visit from Texas and they wait all year to eat the Eggs Benedict here. They are the best. I  personally love the pancakes smothered in bannanas, pecans and hot syrup...yummmmy. They also serve some very healthy and delicious salds for lunch like the strawberry spinach salad and the sandwhiches ar e very good, Their is often a wait for breakfast but it moves fast and their is a community table which sometimes shortens the wait.",review,vasHsAZEgLZGJDTlIweUYQ,0,1,0
GV1P1x9eRb4iZHCxj5_IjA,2012-12-07,eVUs1C4yaVJNrc7SGTAheg,5,"Highly recommend. This is my second time here and I see #3 on the way.
I've had the (bistec encebollado & arroz imperial with shrimp ""no melted cheese"") I do recommend both plates. Next time I will try (ropa vieja)
Great service! Ask for Kelly.",review,bJFdmJJxfXgCYA5DMmyeqQ,2,2,1
GHYOl_cnERMOhkCK_mGAlA,2011-07-03,Q-y3jSqccdytKxAyo1J0Xg,5,"5 stars for the great $5 happy hour specials. the short rib tacos and the fish tacos are delicious and a bargain at 5 for 5 bucks. My favorite drink is the green tea lemonade--it was heavy on the liqour and so refreshing.

Service was flawless. We were greeted hello and goodbye by two cheerful hostesses, our waiter and waitress offered great suggestions and the bar tender was sweet as well.",review,xZvRLPJ1ixhFVomkXSfXAw,6,6,4
AX8lx9wHNYT45lyd7pxaYw,2008-11-27,IyunTh7jnG7v3EYwfF3hPw,5,"We brought the entire family to Giuseppe's last night for a pre-Thanksgiving meal... yes, that's right - my family likes to carb up for all of the eating we do today!  We brought a ton of wine and had a great time.  Franco was our waiter - and I'm guessing since all the ladies at the table had a crush on him, that he is the waiter Sheila B wrote about in her review too.  Nice eye candy!

I absolutely love the eggplant rollatini and pretty much order it every visit.  We usually start with a Giuseppe's Salad and finish with a dessert to share.  My favorite is the white chocolate tartufa.

Pasquale (pictured above) is the sweetest man and makes the experience extra special every single time.  

Since I'm writing this review on Thanksgiving, I want to give thanks to Pasquale and Ristorant Giuseppe for all the good times I've had there and all of the good times to come!  Salud!",review,fczQCSmaWF78toLEmb0Zsw,10,9,5
KV-yJLmlODfUG1Mkds6kYw,2012-02-25,rIgZgxJPWTacq3mV6DfWfg,4,Best corned beef sandwich I've had anywhere at anytime. Definitely great portions of food. The jewish sliders are very good especially with the potato pancakes. Too bad they aren't in California because I can see myself visiting this a lot.,review,J-oVr0th2Y7ltPPOwy0Z8Q,0,0,0
24V8QQWO6VaVggHdxjQQ_A,2010-06-06,PqiIeFOiVr-tj_FtHGAH2g,3,"3.5 stars. 

We decided to check this place out after all the waves. The space and decor is nice and cute, and girly! We arrived at 10:30 for a Sunday brunch, and there were plentiful of empty seats for us to choose. Nice patio, too!

I had the French Toast with fresh strawberries and chicken apple sausage (however, the menu says with raspberry, I didn't really care for either one, meh~) The toasts were thick and soft, but weren't that outstanding. I really liked the chicken apple sausages on the other hand, they were tasty and not the typical greasy kind. Friend had the Spinach and Tomato Omelette with feta cheese. I didn't take a bite, but she really enjoyed it. It came with a side of potatoes and fresh fruits.  

Our waitress was nice, but the service was slow... Overall we had a nice little trip. It's definitely a good spot for a girls' day out!",review,LaEj3VpQh7bgpAZLzSRRrw,1,4,1
wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw,2012-02-12,spusZYROtBKw_5tv3gYm4Q,1,"Went last night to Whore Foods to get basics to make pizza with, most clutch to the process was a three pack of yeast. Low and behold, the dirty hippie kids they have working there again didn't put something in the bag.

And this time it was the yeast.

I love the food there, but the employees are nothing more than entitled hippie kids from Scottsdale who can't be bothered to do their goddamn jobs! I am so sick of this crap with this corporation. Maybe its a Phoenix thing, or maybe its the hiring and firing processes of Whore Foods, but I am done shopping at any Whore Foods. In a place like Phoenix, where you have alternatives such as Sprouts, you'd think Whore Foods would smarten up.

Or when you try to ask someone who works here where something is, and they just walk by with their nose high in the air. I understand its important to show your fellow dirt merchants that you're a super star, but I don't work with you, I contribute to your salary and over inflated set of benefits for a grocery clerk, so do your goddamn job. Useless little girl in need of a shower and orthodontist. 

But alas, Whore Foods and its dirty hippie employees have alienated yet another person with a job and a degree into hating everything that place stands for.

Oh yea, one other thing, take the concealed firearm prohibition off of your stores. It didn't stop Jared Loughner from doing something horrid, and all it does is alienate law abiding citizens from their Constitutional rights. I understand you think that only parts of the Constitution should apply, but honestly I think you need to pull your collective heads out of your ass and take a shower.

Useless motherf*&#$@s!",review,W7zmm1uzlyUkEqpSG7PlBw,0,1,2
EMGkbiCMfMTflQux-_JY7Q,2012-10-17,wB-f0xfx7WIyrOsRJMkDOg,4,Awesome food! Little pricey but delicious. Loved the power pancakes!,review,9MJAacmjxtctbI3xncsK5Q,0,0,0
oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw,2012-03-31,ijPZPKKWDqdWOIqYkUsJJw,4,"I came here in December and look forward to my next trip so I can get some more of the Tuna Noodle casserole!  It was so basic sounding on the menu, but when away from home its comfort food.  So I got it and it was way better than what I make.  Now I need to have it again so I can figure out how it was done!  I can't describe it, but man it was ridiculous!

My husband had the Big Unit.  He shared it with 3 others, but he could've easily eaten the entire dog.  It was long and skinny.  The toppings aren't heavy either.  

The Catcher mitt dessert wasn't to die for.

Parking is a pain in that area, especially since the meters only took coins.",review,yzwPJdn6yd2ccZqfy4LhUA,0,0,0
r-a-Cn9hxdEnYTtVTB5bMQ,2012-04-07,j9HwZZoBBmJgOlqDSuJcxg,1,"The food is delicious.  The service:  discriminatory.  The bartender, blonde gentlemen, went around to everyone else, then finally acknowledge us.  This is embarrassing, I don't know what else to say.",review,toPtsUtYoRB-5-ThrOy2Fg,0,0,0
xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g,2012-06-02,TM8hdYqs5Zi1jO5Yrq6E0g,4,For our first time we had a great time! Our server was very knowledgable about the menu especially the drink menu. Culinary Dropout has to have some off the most creative drinks I've seen in a while. Everyone mentioned the pretzels on Yelp and they were right! The cheese sauce was velvety and delicious and the pretzel bites had the perfect texture. My girlfriend and I both couldn't finish our sandwiches because they are pretty big. I will definitely be going back to try the charcuterie menu.,review,GvaNZY4poCcd3H4WxHjrLQ,0,2,0
mQUC-ATrFuMQSaDQb93Pug,2011-10-01,ta2P9joJqeFB8BzFp-AzjA,5,Great food and service! Country food at its best!,review,fKaO8fR1IAcfvZb6cBrs2w,0,1,0
R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g,2011-10-03,pcEeHdAJPoFNF23es0kKWg,5,"Yes I do rock the hipster joints.  I dig this place.  A little bit of a scene, but the food is solid and the service is great. Hard not like it.  All in all a great spot.  I tend to switch up my favorites but I typically hit this up for breakfast when in the 602.",review,b92Y3tyWTQQZ5FLifex62Q,1,1,1
WJ5mq4EiWYAA4Vif0xDfdg,2011-12-05,EuHX-39FR7tyyG1ElvN1Jw,5,"Only 4 stars? 

(A few notes: The folks that rated this place low must have been isolated incidences and I feel weigh far to heavy on service rather than product. Dining at a restaurant, rate the service a lil' harder, but a coffee shop, hold your tongue.)

Anyway, this place rocks. We aren't super close, but we pass up several coffee shops en route to Lola because the quality is top drawer.

The beans, fair trade, and the roast is perfect. The price of a bag of beans is amazing. Doing right by the farmers and then respecting the product with such a solid roast. This is what is all about!

I have yet to find a better americano. A splash of cream and a splenda only augments the flavor of the espresso and the richness really shines. I've been to most of the independent coffee shops throughout the area, and if I do find myself elsewhere, I can only compare them to Lola, and Lola wins out each time.",review,hTau-iNZFwoNsPCaiIUTEA,1,1,0
f96lWMIAUhYIYy9gOktivQ,2009-03-10,YF17z7HWlMj6aezZc-pVEw,5,"I'm not normally one to jump at reviewing a chain restaurant, especially when there are 3 subways all within a couple blocks of each other.  I felt it was necessary in this case.  My husband and I came here over the weekend after a lovely trip to the dog park.  The two guys working here on the lonely afternoon were awesome.  They were really nice and friendly, and quite chatty.  One of them started helping my husband and the other one was sweeping while I was deciding.  The sweeping boy apparently noticed I was ready and he quickly ran to the back, washed his hands, threw on gloves and asked me what I wanted.  WOW!  This type of service has never happened at the other locations, all of which I have been too.  He chatted with me as I told him what I wanted.  He also joked about my weird sandwich and made me laugh.  It's refreshing to see a couple guys working on a boring day and actually enjoying themselves.  They also have outdoor seating which are perfect to sit at and people watch on beautiful days.  We even met this incredible 90 year old guy who is blind and deaf in both ears but somehow managed to communicate with us perfectly.  He was much more lively than most twenty-somethings you meet.  Amazing.  Only in downtown do you meet people like that.  This is a great Subway.  Go here and skip the others.",review,W_QXYA7A0IhMrvbckz7eVg,2,3,2
maB4VHseFUY2TmPtAQnB9Q,2011-06-27,SNnyYHI9rw9TTltVX3TF-A,4,"Judging by some of the reviews, maybe I went on good days because I've enjoyed my trips.  Good food and good service.  

The last time I went, I sat at the bar for lunch on a Sunday, ordered an All~Star Burger with BBQ sauce and enjoyed some sports.  The bartender was nice and the food came quick, which was good because I was hungry (I inhaled the burger).

I'll be returning on a regular basis once football starts back up.",review,T46gxPbJMWmlLyr7GxQLyQ,1,1,0
L3BSpFvxcNf3T_teitgt6A,2012-03-19,0nxb1gIGFgk3WbC5zwhKZg,5,"Let's see...what is there NOT to like about Surprise Stadium? Well, $9.50 tall cans of PBR is about all I could come up with and that's not a surprise (pun intended) considering you're attending a sporting event...even spring training. 

But as someone who does not living in Arizona, and as someone who doesn't go to MLB baseball games in Southern California due to the fact it costs so damn much, people bitching about the slow service or any other little inconvenience when it comes to seeing a game here. Look, you're lucky enough to have almost an entire month of low cost MLB baseball right in your back yard. If I could, I'd live down here during March just to take in the awesome baseball action that crisscrosses the Phoenix metro area each year. 

I attended my first spring training game on March 12th, 2012 at Surprise Stadium as the Royals took on the San Francisco Giants (my favorite team). Our seats (Sec. 112, Row J, Seats 13-14-15) were 25 bucks each (around 30 bucks including service fees). I mean, we were maybe 5 or 6 rows back from the Giants dugout (check out some of my pictures). The stadium (funny calling it that since it only holds just over 10,000 people) is big enough so you feel you're at an MLB game but small enough to feel pretty close and intimate with the players. The stadium is well maintained and kept super clean. 

Arriving to the park, I was surprised (pun unintended) to see that parking was free, an oddity when going to an event like this. The stadium staff, as mentioned by other reviews, are mainly made up of senior citizens who were super friendly and helpful. I didn't have to wait long at the concession stands, even if lines were a bit long. The outfield is lined with a lawn area, perfect for people to sit back and have a picnic while taking in a game (Tickets are around 9 bucks each after service fees!!!). 

I love this place and hope to return next year when visiting family. Oh, Giants won 2-1! Go Giants!!!",review,OzOZv-Knlw3oz9K5Kh5S6A,1,2,1
VY_tvNUCCXGXQeSvJl757Q,2012-07-28,Ubyfp2RSDYW0g7Mbr8N3iA,3,"First visit...Had lunch here today - used my Groupon.  

We ordered the Bruschetta, Pretzels and Steak & Cheese Calzone.

-We both thought there was WAY too much Balsamic used.  Also, we expected mozzarella cheese - not Feta.

-We tried the butter and salt pretzel & cinnamon sugar with honey pretzel.  They were okay. They should have kept the honey on the side like they did for the mustard.

-The calzone was good. We liked the dough and it was fairly well filled/stuffed.

Overall, we thought it was average as far as the food is concerned - and a little pricey for quality and portions.

We have another Groupon to use so maybe we'll try a pizza for the next one.",review,_eqQoPtQ3e3UxLE4faT6ow,1,2,0
EKzMHI1tip8rC1-ZAy64yg,2012-01-18,2XyIOQKbVFb6uXQdJ0RzlQ,4,"Should be called house of deliciousness!

I could go on and on about this item, that item, blah blah blah but I dont really waznt to. This is good food, done creatively, and in my mind presented in a casual yet sophisticated manner without any pretensiousness. The chef here creates inspirational dishes that seem to meld asian and southwestern flavors seemlessly. Ok so now I realize this are not all real words but after eating here and developing a drunken state of mind who really cares anyhow?

The lowdown is the food is good and priced fair for what you get. Our service was great and on top of everything we truly had an amazing time on a rainy Saturday evening. Next time hopefully we can enjoy the killer outdoor bar and patio seating.
I cant wait to go back and eat our way through the new menu.

The custom cocktails were delightful and the wine list is pretty spot on.",review,ROru4uk5SaYc3rg8IU7SQw,0,0,0
53YGfwmbW73JhFiemNeyzQ,2010-11-16,jyznYkIbpqVmlsZxSDSypA,4,"I recently visited Olive and Ivy for business last week, and after 3 visits, I am convinced that Fox Restaurants has some of the best establishments in the valley.  Olive and Ivy is the Fox Restaurant of choice for consistently good food, great drinks, and most of all, outstanding service.  I spend a lot of time in various restaurants across the valley and am always amazed at how bad service can be at some of the more popular valley restaurants.  Not Olive and Ivy.  From the first phone call for reservations, to the greeting upon walking in the door to the smiles and warm reception you receive from every server you cross, this restaurant knows how to make you feel special.

Many of the reviews here will focus on the food and I could spend hours talking about my experiences but I will sum it up in a couple of my favorites. 

I hate dates and prunes, but the bacon wrapped dates are crazy good!
The shrimp and risotto main course is one of the best dishes I have tasted since arriving in Phoenix 3 years ago.  And hands down, their short rib entree is best in the valley.

The only catch is the cost.  Olive and Ivy is not cheap and definitely not for brothers looking to execute the cheap date.  With wine, apps, and main course, you will easy break the century mark, and if you are really being generous, $200 is obtainable.  But, it's worth every dollar and who knows, you may even get breakfast out of the deal!",review,gGbN1aKQHMgfQZkqlsuwzg,0,0,0
9SKdOoDHcFoxK5ZtsgHJoA,2012-12-02,5UKq9WQE1qQbJ0DJbc-B6Q,2,"My nephew just moved to Scottsdale recently so me and a bunch of friends brought him here to show him a local bar that he and the girlfriend could come shoot pool, watch football, play volleyball etc...well....we weren't there 5minutes and 2 kids were running around the pool tables, messing up our games and screaming. I couldn't believe the staff was allowing this to happen. They were hitting the pool sticks on everything and crying when their mom attempted (in vain) to quiet them. You'd think the mom would leave at this point with her  kids....um...no....the staff did seem annoyed as well but said nothing. Then....it happened...she said "" you guys better behave or mommy will be fired""!! Holy shit....she works there!! Even worse! Shame on that owner for allowing this to happen. And that employee needs to recognize this...YOU WORK AT A BAR.....not a daycare....A BAR!!!",review,0lyVoNazXa20WzUyZPLaQQ,0,0,0
pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw,2010-10-16,vWSmOhg2ID1MNZHaWapGbA,5,"4-5 locations.. all 4.5 star average.. I think Arizona really has some fantastic Pizza options, and Spinatos is at the top of my pizza fix list.. the semi sweet sauce is addictive, great service, fresh ingredients, The Spicy Italian is my favorite... The chocolate chips cookies are laced with mind altering drugs, that make your body parts""romantic"" when you think of their cookies.. BTW 5:30pm, on a Tuesday, when we left, a 30 minute wait.. Its on the List..",review,KSBFytcdjPKZgXKQnYQdkA,0,0,0
